0 community
The activities of the community maintaining the software (e.g., is the software actively maintained?)

1 Compatibility
The compatibility of the software with respect to specific platforms, programming languages, or other softwares

2 Documentation
The content/quality of the software documentation

3 Function
The features offered/not offered by <software_name>
API management Structure your API infrastructure to enable various internet gateways to interact with your service.
Chat Bring GitHub into your conversations.
Code quality Automate your code review with style, quality, security, and test‑coverage checks when you need them.
Code review Ensure your code meets quality standards and ship with confidence.
Continuous integration Automatically build and test your code as you push it to GitHub, preventing bugs from being deployed to production.
Dependency management Secure and manage your third-party dependencies.
Deployment Streamline your code deployment so you can focus on your product.
IDEs Find the right interface to build, debug, and deploy your source code.
Localization Extend your software's reach. Localize and translate continuously from GitHub.
Mobile Improve your workflow for the small screen.
Monitoring Monitor the impact of your code changes. Measure performance, track errors, and analyze your application.
Project management Organize, manage, and track your project with tools that build on top of issues and pull requests.
Publishing Get your site ready for production so you can get the word out.
Security Find, fix, and prevent security vulnerabilities before they can be exploited.
Support Get your team and customers the help they need.
Testing Eliminate bugs and ship with more confidence by adding these tools to your workflow.
Utilities Auxiliary tools to enhance your experience on GitHub

4 Performance
The performance of the software (e.g., speed, memory footprint)

5 Reliability
The reliability of the software (e.g., whether it is buggy or not)

6 Usability
The usability of the software, in terms of how easy is to use/adapt it and evolve/maintain the code using it