Community|Compatibility|Documentation|Functional|Performance|Reliability|Usability|General

TRAVIS-0
community	0
The activities of the community maintaining the software (e.g., is the software actively maintained?)	0
compatibility	1
The compatibility of the software with respect to specific platforms, programming languages, or other softwares	1
adaptability degree to which a product or system can effectively and efficiently be adapted for different or evolving hardware, software or other operational or usage environments	1
installability degree of effectiveness and efficiency with which a product or system can be successfully installed and/or uninstalled in a specified environment	1
replaceability degree to which a product can replace another specified software product for the same purpose in the same environment	1
Documentation	2
The content/quality of the software documentation	2
Function	3
The features offered/not offered by the software	3
API management Structure your API infrastructure to enable various internet gateways to interact with your service.	3
Chat Bring GitHub into your conversations.	3
Code quality Automate your code review with style, quality, security, and test‑coverage checks when you need them.	3
Code review Ensure your code meets quality standards and ship with confidence.	3
Continuous integration Automatically build and test your code as you push it to GitHub, preventing bugs from being deployed to production.	3
Dependency management Secure and manage your third-party dependencies.	3
Deployment Streamline your code deployment so you can focus on your product.	3
IDEs Find the right interface to build, debug, and deploy your source code.	3
Localization Extend your software's reach. Localize and translate continuously from GitHub.	3
Mobile Improve your workflow for the small screen.	3
Monitoring Monitor the impact of your code changes. Measure performance, track errors, and analyze your application.	3
Project management Organize, manage, and track your project with tools that build on top of issues and pull requests.	3
Publishing Get your site ready for production so you can get the word out.	3
Security Find, fix, and prevent security vulnerabilities before they can be exploited.	3
Support Get your team and customers the help they need.	3
Testing Eliminate bugs and ship with more confidence by adding these tools to your workflow.	3
Utilities Auxiliary tools to enhance your experience on GitHub	3
Performance	4
The performance of the software (e.g., speed, memory footprint)	4
time behaviour degree to which the response and processing times and throughput rates of a product or system, when performing its functions, meet requirements	4
resource utilization degree to which the amounts and types of resources used by a product or system, when performing its functions, meet requirements	4
capacity degree to which the maximum limits of a product or system parameter meet requirements	4
Reliability	5
The reliability of the software (e.g., whether it is buggy or not)	5
maturity degree to which a system, product or component meets needs for reliability under normal operation	5
availability degree to which a system, product or component is operational and accessible when required for use	5
fault tolerance degree to which a system, product or component operates as intended despite the presence of hardware or software faults	5
recoverability degree to which, in the event of an interruption or a failure, a product or system can recover the data directly affected and re-establish the desired state of the system	5
Usability	6
The usability of the software, in terms of how easy is to use/adapt it and evolve/maintain the code using it	6
appropriateness recognizability degree to which users can recognize whether a product or system is appropriate for their needs	6
learnability degree to which a product or system can be used by specified users to achieve specified goals of learning to use the product or system with effectiveness, efficiency, freedom from risk and satisfaction in a specified context of use	6
operability degree to which a product or system has attributes that make it easy to operate and control	6
user error protection degree to which a system protects users against making errors	6
user interface aesthetics degree to which a user interface enables pleasing and satisfying interaction for the user	6
accessibility degree to which a product or system can be used by people with the widest range of characteristics and capabilities to achieve a specified goal in a specified context of use	6
The information provided by the product or system can include demonstrations, tutorials, documentation or, for a web site, the information on the home page.
Function
Run tests locally
CI is intended to be used in combination with automated unit tests written through the practices of test-driven development. This is done by running and passing all unit tests in the developer's local environment before committing to the mainline. This helps avoid one developer's work-in-progress breaking another developer's copy. Where necessary, partially complete features can be disabled before committing, using feature toggles for instance.
Compile code in CI
A build server compiles the code periodically or even after every commit and reports the results to the developers. The use of build servers had been introduced outside the XP (extreme programming) community and many organisations have adopted CI without adopting all of XP.
Run tests in CI
In addition to automated unit tests, organisations using CI typically use a build server to implement continuous processes of applying quality control in general – small pieces of effort, applied frequently. In addition to running the unit and integration tests, such processes run additional static analyses, measure and profile performance, extract and format documentation from the source code and facilitate manual QA processes. On the popular Travis CI service for open-source, only 58.64% of CI jobs execute tests.
This continuous application of quality control aims to improve the quality of software, and to reduce the time taken to deliver it, by replacing the traditional practice of applying quality control after completing all development. This is very similar to the original idea of integrating more frequently to make integration easier, only applied to QA processes.
Deploy an artifact from CI
Now, CI is often intertwined with continuous delivery or continuous deployment in what is called CI/CD pipeline. "Continuous delivery" makes sure the software checked in on the mainline is always in a state that can be deployed to users and "continuous deployment" makes the deployment process fully automated.
