Community|Compatibility|Learnablity|Functional|Performance|Reliability|Usability

TRAVIS-0
compatibility	1
portability a system, product or component can be transferred from one hardware, software or other operational or usage environment to another	1
adaptability degree to which a product or system can effectively and efficiently be adapted for different or evolving hardware, software or other operational or usage environments	1
installability a product or system can be successfully installed and/or uninstalled in a specified environment	1
replaceability a product can replace another specified software product for the same purpose in the same environment	1
learnability	2
appropriateness recognizability users can recognize whether a product or system is appropriate for their needs. The information provided by the product or system can include demonstrations, tutorials, documentation or, for a web site, the information on the home page.	2
learnability a product or system can be used by specified users to achieve specified goals of learning to use the product or system with effectiveness, efficiency, freedom from risk and satisfaction in a specified context of use	2
Function	3
The features offered/not offered by the software	3
API management Structure your API infrastructure to enable various internet gateways to interact with your service.	3
Chat Bring GitHub into your conversations.	3
Code quality Automate your code review with style, quality, security, and test‑coverage checks when you need them.	3
Code review Ensure your code meets quality standards and ship with confidence.	3
Continuous integration Automatically build and test your code as you push it to GitHub, preventing bugs from being deployed to production.	3
Dependency management Secure and manage your third-party dependencies.	3
Deployment Streamline your code deployment so you can focus on your product.	3
IDEs Find the right interface to build, debug, and deploy your source code.	3
Localization Extend your software's reach. Localize and translate continuously from GitHub.	3
Mobile Improve your workflow for the small screen.	3
Monitoring Monitor the impact of your code changes. Measure performance, track errors, and analyze your application.	3
Project management Organize, manage, and track your project with tools that build on top of issues and pull requests.	3
Publishing Get your site ready for production so you can get the word out.	3
Security Find, fix, and prevent security vulnerabilities before they can be exploited.	3
Support Get your team and customers the help they need.	3
Testing Eliminate bugs and ship with more confidence by adding these tools to your workflow.	3
Performance	4
performance relative to the amount of resources used under stated conditions	4
time behaviour the response and processing times and throughput rates of a product or system, when performing its functions, meet requirements	4
resource utilization degree to which the amounts and types of resources used by a product or system, when performing its functions, meet requirements	4
capacity degree to which the maximum limits of a product or system parameter meet requirements	4
Reliability	5
a system, product or component performs specified functions under specified conditions for a specified period of time	5
maturity a system, product or component meets needs for reliability under normal operation	5
availability a system, product or component is operational and accessible when required for use	5
fault tolerance a system, product or component operates as intended despite the presence of hardware or software faults	5
recoverability in the event of an interruption or a failure, a product or system can recover the data directly affected and re-establish the desired state of the system	5
Usability	6
a product or system can be used by specified users to achieve specified goals with effectiveness, efficiency and satisfaction in a specified context of user 	6
operability a product or system has attributes that make it easy to operate and control	6
user interface aesthetics a user interface enables pleasing and satisfying interaction for the user	6
user error protection a system protects users against making errors	6
accessibility a product or system can be used by people with the widest range of characteristics and capabilities to achieve a specified goal in a specified context of use	6