The /code/ is the ID of the Dockerhub credentials stored in Jenkins.
In Jenkins, I created a job to test a Sonarqube configuration, but the job fails with errors.
When trying to create a jenkins node..  FAIL nothing happens  .
To see what time zone your jenkins is uning, in your browser navigate to: .
The report is fine on local, when opening the html file, but on jenkins it looks like this: .
if i open the html file on jenkins it looks fine aswell, but the exec file it uses is broken for some reason.
When I check the console where Jenkins is running, Jenkins is idle and waiting for me to type in "git@localhost 's password".
Some closures like eachLine still seem to be broken in Jenkins.
/pre/  If I did not use Jenkins and did not have /code/ variable, I would follow /url/ to get commit id, then shorten it.
I have compared the zip contents (locally generated and jenkins generated ) could not see any difference in them .
Jenkins jobs have their "workspace" configured as a default inside /workspace/ on the server/slave where your are executing the job.
You can try the following example in Jenkins Script Console to get the names of the jobs that have been deleted with the last run of the seed job: .
It seems that one of the known issues for another problem (hanging) is a fix for this Jenkins issue - /url/ .
One of the steps in our jobs is the Post Build Action that uploads files to S3, which works correctly in the Jenkins' jobs, but have n't been able to correctly replicate it in the JenkinsFile.
I am not sure if it ever recovers, as I have always killed it (cannot afford to have jenkins blocked for several days).
/pre/  With this, renaming /code/ to something else does n't break other people 's commands or Jenkins jobs.
The "action factory" that get 's called by Jenkins and registers an action on the object in question (in my case a "build" or "run" .
The console log is not returning any result via the Jenkins API: .
/pre/  After pushing my code to remote branch, jenkins started throwing brakeman related errors.
/pre/  However, I tried to git push origin origin/master and the Jenkins job execution is successful but no commit on the destination repo.
/pre/  Here is the error I receive when the Jenkins' pod starts.
AttachVolume.Attach failed for volume "jenkins-home" : Attach volume "jenkins-home" to instance "aks-agentpool-40897452-0" failed with compute.VirtualMachinesClient#CreateOrUpdate: Failure responding to request: StatusCode=409 -- Original Error: autorest/azure: Service returned an error.
Jenkins was build using docker and the container had been restarted multiple time (/code/ is on volume mount to reserve data).
However, when we build from Android Studio (on the build server, the same Jenkins slave) we get a slightly different error: /code/.
I am getting a COMPILATION ERROR by Jenkins: .
JUnit could be used for sending results to Jenkins or Hudson .
One big issue to remember - if your git repo is large, this can definitely kill your Jenkins box, as every build is a clone, make sure to either clean-up old jobs somehow, or make sure you have sufficient storage.
My project runs fine locally, but when I try to build it on my testing environment through Jenkins, the build is failing and the site is throwing a 500 error:  .
It 's quite likely that this issue resulted from a recent change in Docker behaviour, which was no longer being handled correctly by the Docker Pipeline plugin in Jenkins.
Without going into too much detail, the issue was causing Jenkins to no longer be able to identify the container it was running in, which results in the errors (above) that you encountered with these tutorials.
Note: When I tried to shut down the server using Jenkins job having same command (and running jenkins server had same pom and properties as my local), i got following exception: /code/ .
I want to build apk using Jenkins but it failed due to this error: .
Need help regarding kill the hung job that is running on Jenkins slave.
As the job is hung we cannot able to stop from Jenkins GUI and unable to find any PID (by login to the server) as the Slave.jar itself a process that is running on a slave server.Can anyone help me to kill the particular hung Job?
I need to read a jenkins build console output and grep a certain portion and send it to slack?
   checking in the docker image there is no directory /my/tests nor anything in /var/jenkins_home .
I have jenkins working in local server on my mac and for a job, I need to run a script shell witch it need to read a json file.
/pre/  checking in the docker image there is no directory /my/tests nor anything in /var/jenkins_home .
How can I can get the dockerized jenkins to run the tests that I have on my local machine.
I have a project which runs a series of automation tests within Jenkins, the project code is pulled from Git which is stored within Microsoft TFS, when I have tried to execute two builds at the same time within Jenkins I seem to be getting errors such as JAR file related exceptions, is it even possible to run two jobs at the same time when using the same project code which is pulled from Git?
Point the webhook to http://{JENKINS_URL}/generic-webhook-trigger/invoke?token=some-job-name .
I am saving certain log-files during a Jenkins build as archived artefacts within jenkins (e.g.
The web.xml of the jenkins.war seems to by default use the octet-stream mime-type for unknown extensions.
So, i rather do not want to go this route; also because i will have to patch the war-file after each and every jenkins-update.
What is not an option for me is to rename my log-files to have an extension like ".log" (which Jenkins will serves as text/plain).
At present, when docker.image(...).inside is run within jenkinsfile, jenkins starts container in detach (daemon) mode.
Check your Jenkins logs to see whether or not Jenkins is receiving the hook and deciding not to take action for some reason.
Run the job manually in Jenkins, ensure that it works.
Jasmine, Karma, and Protractor can be customized at will, so you can make them output in an XML file that could be processed by a Jenkins job instead of a command line which is not practical.
I had the similar issue while making build on Jenkins, weirdly it was working fine on my local machine.
", I do n't see a Jenkins slave process running: .
I have been unable to locate any Jenkins logs on the slave side.
This temp directory present in the jenkins master and was passed to the slave which was visible in the build variable TMP_DIR.
Explicitly mentioning a valid temporary directory for the jenkins slave fixed the issue.
The other approach is through the /url/, to trigger Jenkins builds when code is pushed or a merge request is created.
/pre/  Some other useful information: Jenkins is running from a VM.
/pre/  and jenkins fail (permissions denied) when executing: .
Once successfully uploaded, restart the Jenkins by checking the checkbox on the UI.
I 'm trying to set up deploying an Azure Cloud Service to Azure from Jenkins using PowerShell but when I try executing Get-AzureDeployment I get the error 'System.Net.Http.HttpRequestException: An error occurred while sending the request.
/pre/  No reboot was required on jenkins and than the dependency graph worked as expected.
git clone through Jenkins fails with below error  .
Go to your.jenkins.server.url/pipeline-syntax/globals to see what global variables scripts run via that server can access.
If I run it in a terminal on the Jenkins server, it edits the lines properly and add the required prefix.
But if I run it through the Jenkins job, I get the following error: .
I am running Jenkins in a GKE cluster and am getting an error /code/.
I am running a simple Jenkins with the following steps: - Git connection and source code checkout - Execute shell : echo $JENKINS_HOME - Update Jira : Progress issues by workflow action.
This error is seen in all the Jenkins builds, even the ones not making use of Jira plugin.
bintray might also build with Jenkins, because the error message is somewhat identical.
I have make a job in jenkins in local and all work except sending an email at the end (but that is normal when I work in local).
With Jenkins create a task to execute a process that will upload the files.
I have an application currently deployed to Heroku that I 'm trying to connect to Jenkins but I 'm getting this error  .
Right now I am signing up to file issue to Jenkins.
I have a multijob in jenkins which gets triggered after another job is finished.
As an aside, I also have backup and restore scripts which backup the Jenkins home directory to s3, and download it again, but that 's somewhat outside the scope of this issue.
It depends on which login/local account your Jenkins is running.
However, this method will not be whitelisted and you will get a security exception (if you are running in the sandbox or using any sort of Jenkins security) because this would print out all fields of the object.
I 've just started working with Jenkins and got stub into a problem of this kind: my nodejs application need to start it 's own docker containers (with mongodb) in order to perform tests.
I was doing it nicely on my local  machine, but now I 'm not sure how to make it work in jenkins.
So far I 've managed to get Jenkins to download the source code from my repository but I 'm having trouble calling make.
The attachment files disappears after rebuilding(including redeployment) by Jenkins.
/pre/  I 've been trying to get the ElasticBox Kubernetes CI/CD (v1.3) plugin inside Jenkins to connect to this chart repo, but whenever I press "Test Connection", I get a 400 Bad Request error.
/pre/  Possibly related tickets on Jenkins: .
I 've experimented with uploading the artifacts to S3 and downloading them again from there with now visible performance improvement (only that it takes off load from the Jenkins Master).
I am not able to integrate the jenkins with Github, seeing the following error: .
I have configured the TFS repository in jenkins for maven build, while doing checkout i have been observing the below error for every new checkin it has been running 30 to 40 min finally giving the below error and continuing build, other then that if i broke/kill and re-trigger the build its going fine without an issue.
/pre/  In Jenkins' console output, I 'm seeing the following translation in my cURL request: .
Jenkins builds started to fail today with the following error.
Instead of directly trying to pull on production server, you can setup a Jenkins job that will push the code to production server on each commit.
Using Jenkins you can even customize the solutions to match particular token in commit message.
I have configured my jenkins job with cron (every 1 hr) and in the post build action i have added 'Editable Email Notification' and trigger the same on Failure basis but i want the email to be sent at every night(say 1am/2am) for the last job status(want to run post build action-Editable Email Notification) .
I thought this was an issue with the library being set as "load implicitly" in the Jenkins configuration, so I tried loading it explicitly with /code/ in my jenkinsfile, but the same behavior occurs.
The problem with this is that even if Company\JohnSmith or Company\MaryJones kick off the Jenkins job, Company\ServiceAccount is recorded in TFS as having completed the check-in.
Already installed notification plugin in Jenkins.The scripts which were running is fine but exception occurs while sending email: - .
I have connected windows machine as a slave to a Jenkins job .
I have installed /code/ on /code/ instance and it was successful.When I try to enter the url,/code/ where /code/ homepage will be opened.It asks for username and password.I have setup the password for jenkins for the user(me) and restarted /code/ on /code/.
I ran the get command, informing the login and password and it did n't work in the Jenkins.
/pre/  But when I open a PowerShell instance in the jenkins workspace and use /code/ from there, it works without a problem.
Does Jenkins execute scripts in a kind of sandbox which prevents yarn from properly connecting to the network?
This issue is known about, and still open, in Jenkins.
/pre/  but if I do the same from Jenkins 's windows execute batch command option, I 'm facing below error message.
I 'm trying to send an email notification with sonar issues-report from Jenkins using emailext.
This is my File with absolute path: /var/jenkins_home/jobs/project-name/workspace/target/sonar/issues-report/issues-report.html .
When running Jenkins on some other port other than default 8080 it is not accepting the username and password.
Keep private (non /code/) key to be used by Jenkins Credentials later and for testing purposes while verifying things are working for ssh connection without having to relaunch Jenkins agent, the private key should be kept in the /code/ directory and readable permission and ownership of the user of local test host if that 's how I 'm testing it .
Initially I deleted the /code/ and /code/ when I manually entered the private key when creating the credential in jenkins.
If I close the command prompt of the service, Jenkins will go down.
I want the Jenkins to be up even if the command prompt closed and even after machine reboot, this jenkins to be started.
Inject property file in Jenkins .
When i connecting Jenkins to cloudfoundary behind proxy, getting exception as below: .
How do I access /code/ in a Jenkins pipeline, or is there a better way of getting the log output?
/pre/  Also, when I remove the credentials from Jenkins and try to build, I get an authentication error almost immediately (/code/).
So it definitely seems that Jenkins can hit Stash, though it does not appear to be able to complete a fetch.
It is strange that Git works locally but does not work when Jenkins uses it.
I have a webook url /url/ which will trigger the jenkins job on any event from gogs.
(no changes in dependencies, if you use Jenkins make sure that environment variables updated correctly /code/) .
Configure a Jenkins project build to fail if the number of Checkstyle errors exceeds some absolute limit.
Configure a Jenkins project build to fail if the number of Checkstyle errors exceeds the number of errors of the previous build by some defined threshold.
In my case I have had issue in Jenkins when it tried to deploying it in Octopus with following error: .
The problem was caused by cppcheck plugin, which was left activated for all jobs on Jenkins.
However, the problem I 'm running into is they are both using the same JENKINS_HOME directory.
/pre/  I can see in the catalina.out log file that it is expanding the respective war files but that the JENKINS_HOME is still /home/jenkins/.jenkins for both.
However to my surprise, the files I have checked out in the "Builder", are stored in the Jenkins workspace on the "Host" even after "Builder" exits.
I just wanna disable Jenkins to log anything.
When I set log level in GUI ($JENKINS_URL/log/levels), it will be reset on default setting after a Jenkins restart.
In BitBucket I am using /url/ which notifies my Jenkins instance each time a pull-request is created/updated.
When i create a new pull request in BitBucket, Jenkins get nofitied, checks out the PR and report the result back to BitBucket.
commit new code and push to BitBucket), Jenkins gets triggered but still checks out the previous commit in the PR, and not the new commit.
It 's not clear how it 's being enabled in your Jenkins slave, but adding that command to your script should solve your problem.
File "/Users/Shared/Jenkins/tmp/jenkins6919163542921297892.sh", line 6, in        import urllib.request   ImportError: No module named request .
I have made some progress but Jenkins fails to pick up all the imported modules.
Also, please see the following logs from Jenkins job: .
I am retrieving the relative path to my HTML report from the console output using a build log regular expression on Jenkins.
Finally it will be the user who queued Jenkins Job, then checked in code in TFS.
I have installed the plugin and I have added an entry into Jenkins Credentials (shown below) which contains the private key and passphrase which can login to the remote machine (hostname: corp-wfdemo).
/pre/  I am able to run this command "docker run hello-world" as tomcat user on the box directly, but when I am running the same through Jenkins its failing .
I have done the same thing in the local Jenkins instance as well as the Jenkins instance on the server.
C:\Users**Jenkins\AppData\Local\Temp** .
The Jenkins user directory had been deleted somehow.
Using the error message I just recreated the path, and then gave a jenkins service account full control, recursively, starting at that Jenkins directory.
To answer my own question, it appears that a user account named jenkins is not needed but somehow during the slave setup that path gets created with the correct permissions.
If that path gets deleted for some reason, then the jenkins service cannot recreate it.
In "Artifact Deployer" I have given "*.properties" (without quotes) in "Artifacts to deploy" text box and in "Remote file location" text box I entered "/url/" (without quotes and is not same as my jenkins job machine).
How should I correct my Nginx config file to make Jenkins behind Nginx reverse proxy work?
I 'm setting up my Jenkins server, and on simple requests in the web interface, like creating a folder, a pipeline, a job, etc., I periodically get the following error: .
JUnit has all green bars in eclipse however when I envoke the xml file from Jenkins it says failed.
I am trying to send a slack failure notification if the Jenkins build is a failure.
According to the Jenkins logs, the plugin then iterates over all jobs where "Build when a change is pushed to BitBucket" is checked, and tries to match that job 's repo URL to the URL of the push that occurred.
I do n't want to change my code, because My project still compiled success in Eclipse (but error in Jenkins) .
Does anyone know that is there any Jenkins plugin which can track application process whether it is working or hanging?
Thus I used nginx as a reverse proxy and expose Jenkins container under path /code/.
And I can access Jenkins on /code/.
The changes will be kept even if Jenkins is restarted.
The issue is that even tough Jenkins runs under the same jenkins user .
When I launch a test case from Katalon Studio it succeeds but when I launch it in Jenkins it fails because it says that it ca n't find a button.
if yes, you must restart your jenkins (i had this problem) .
else you must give permission to the user used to connect on slave and restart your jenkins .
Then put it somewhere safe, ~/jenkins would be a good place.
But when I try to Run the Jenkins-Job (who is executing this databasescript over ssh) there are these ERROR Message(s): .
But when i try from jenkins executing batch command as mentioned in Image, Jenkins displays error as  .
Jenkins creates folder with job title name automatically, saves jobs data and other build info... this is how it works.
C:\Program Files   (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\SeleniumTestMultipleBrowsers>exit 1  Build   marked build as failure Finished: FAILURE .
I 'm having an issue though that Jenkins is n't seeing my ANDROID path.
/pre/  I made jenkins a user with sudo privileges and even made the file read and writable to everyone.
Has anyone been able to allow Jenkins to have full access to everything to read files to run commands?
In my case I have created a property file and kept in my Jenkins master machine.
I can write a program which reads XML elements but how can we identify if the Jenkins build is successful which results in triggering the XML reading java app?
We have other Jenkins jobs which sometimes go amber.
The Jenkins server itself should have its own account (see "/url/") .
I 'm only seeing this error when I run it in a Jenkins pipeline.
/pre/  Unfortunately all my attempts to set the PATH permanently failed.So I have to set the path evey time for a new build step in jenkins.
when i have 190 tests jenkins can run anything fine, after 191 I get the following error : .
/pre/  I 've tested with parameters /code/ and /code/ in Jenkins, got a successful result: .
We are using jenkins to restart our servers.
I have created a jenkins 'Free style project', where server1 and server2 stops as expected and server2 starts as expected.
There is no space related issues in our jenkins application.
running windows this is what I have in my jenkins.xml file: .
/pre/  If I try changing increasing the Xmx setting or adding an Xms setting the jenkins service refuses to start.
However, upon trying to use this as a repository URL in Jenkins, I get the following error; (I have subbed the actual URL for a replacement that maintains slashes.
Am I missing a Jenkins set up stage or am I doing something wrong with the URL?
Click on it and you can enter the exit code that Jenkins will interpret as "unstable".
My problem is not able to delete the /code/ folder from Jenkins, when ever I taken a clean build, /code/ folder will create newly, so I am unable to give the access for the /code/ folder.
Therefore, what is the issue and how do I get the initial Jenkins login password?
I am getting the above error in Jenkins console of command prompt due to this am not able to install any plugin.
/pre/  But when I commit it to the svn repository and Jenkins builds with /code/ and starts a Docker container running the build, the saved value for type will be complete nonsense: .
I have multiple xml result files collected from different builds and I have to display a consolidated report on jenkins.
/pre/  I have created Credentials with the ID 'CredentialID' in Jenkins.
When I run the Jenkins job I get the error below: .
/pre/  But if i execute the same script on my Jenkins instance most closing tags are missing: .
/pre/  Am i doing something wrong or are there specific steps to do while creating xml files via jenkins?
But using jenkins it gives error .
The issue I have right now is, when a developer pushes his changes to Git, it triggers a build in Jenkins which in turn runs our code and spawns kafka broker in localhost:9092 and elastic search in localhost:9200. .
/pre/  However, as expected this throws the following exception in Jenkins Pipeline: .
Both of these have failed at bypassing the security exception that Jenkins Pipeline is throwing.
I/we(the company) have a weird issue with Jenkins and the connection between Master and Slave.
I read that this is still a bug in Jenkins but is there really no workaround?
FATAL: Unable to run checkin callout   (DimensionsRuntimeException: Upload files (DimensionsRuntimeException:   Dimensions command 'UPLOAD    /USER_FILELIST="/opt/wss/stg/apache-tomcat-6.0.43/temp/dmCm15188000765706781907912904279764.tmp"   /WORKSET="PCMTPROJ:RELSTREAM" /COMMENT="Build artifacts delivered by   Jenkins for job 'DEVOPS_PCMTPROJ_DmUpload' - build 68"   /USER_DIRECTORY="/opt/wss/stg/jenkins/DimensionsUpload1"' failed   (DimensionsRuntimeException: Using Project 'PCMTPROJ:RELSTREAM'.
Is there any way to checkout only the folders which are modified with respect to a specific revision so that the load(SVN Checkout) on the Jenkins job is reduced from 200GB to few hundred MB only.
By preserving the working copy in Jenkins work space we only need to run SVN update but it is not possible for some internal reasons.
I had same issue while I tried to push artifacts to an S3 bucket by a Jenkins.
Later I found out that it threw errors because I was providing a wrong Bucket in the Jenkins config.
All the tests are continuously  executed on Jenkins pipeline and the HTML report on tests generated in /code/ folder of a project is used to display statistics on pipeline and it there is the same message /code/ Question - How do I get stack trace of an error?
How else can I retrieve when Jenkins started/stopped?
The Jenkins build shows Finished success still the progressbar shows task in progress.
Comparing it to one that had the correct URL, I found adding the "jenkinsURL" line to $JENKINS_HOME/jenkins.model.JenkinsLocationConfiguration.xml and restarting the service would fix it: .
/pre/  Things goes well if my deployment does not have error but if my deployment has some error(might be some code bug, application does not start) then this command /code/ runs infinitely(as k8s retries again and again to redeploy) and my Jenkins job runs infinitely(till the Job timeout).
/pre/  But I am getting the following error in console of failed job in jenkins: .
After conversing extensively with @VonC and no glaring errors having turned up, I made an attempt to have Jenkins connect via HTTPS.
But the exact error was that this private key was not readable by Jenkins.
Just because your Git setup is working locally does not mean it will also be working for Jenkins.
There are also 2 Jenkins slaves which cannot access the network, but the master.
This is a known problem in Jenkins, see /url/.
Only in  Jenkins JOB work space it is producing this Error.
/Users/Shared/Jenkins/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/PhoenixiOS-calcgxkedqnxdqcshfjebjolxcut/Build/Intermediates.noindex/ArchiveIntermediates/PhoenixiOSTest/IntermediateBuildFilesPath/PhoenixiOS.build/Release-iphoneos/PhoenixiOSTest.build/Objects-normal/arm64/EnableLocationServicesView.d   -num-threads 4 -output-filelist /var/folders/jc/fl1lw1754rvd8568qp_wcf5w00008b/T/outputs-f754ba   /Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home/workspace/Phoenix_IOS_D/PhoenixiOS/PhoenixiOS-Bridging-Header.h:7:9:   error: 'NewRelicAgent/NewRelic.h' file not found .
:0: error: failed to emit precompiled header   '/Users/Shared/Jenkins/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/PhoenixiOS-calcgxkedqnxdqcshfjebjolxcut/Build/Intermediates.noindex/ArchiveIntermediates/PhoenixiOSTest/PrecompiledHeaders/PhoenixiOS-Bridging-Header-swift_344FHIEQ5169K-clang_9521NPKFGEEZ.pch'   for bridging header   '/Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home/workspace/Phoenix_IOS_D/PhoenixiOS/PhoenixiOS-Bridging-Header.h' .
In fact, we are using Jenkins running outside kubernetes 1.9.
Killed all processes and restarted Jenkins Service .
How do i get progress bars work display correctly in jenkins console log .
One of the reason styles are not applied may be due to incorrect relative paths to the style files wrt HTML in the jenkins workspace.
For example, you could have a Jenkins job that pulls the new schema and updates your database when ever you rollout a release.
I am receiving the "is not a valid repository/tag: invalid reference format" error when building an image on a jenkins agent.
So I 'm going to assume you 've put your Jenkins workspace into your program files directory, and running your build from a non-elevated process, which means it cannot write into the program files.
/pre/  However, when this code is executed on Jenkins I receive a strange error which I cannot understand (why it occurs): .
/pre/  and refusing to run the background analysis, although the jenkins build reports success.
I can run the jenkins job twice in a row and get a success and a failure without changing anything in the servers or the code.
Not sure if you already resolved this, but your "Project Settings" entry is empty and there was a recent fix (Jan 2018 - JENKINS-43730) that addresses what may have caused your issue: /url/ .
However, the shared library content do not seems to be recognizable by Jenkins.
jenkins parameters are post-processed.
From Jenkins, however, it behaves quite differently.
/pre/  If this part is executed by Jenkins, in console output I see this kind of errors: .
/pre/  Now i have to compare these 2 files and come up with a solution that shows the plugin that has changed, added and removed in jenkins instance but somehow i am stuck with the logic and cant figure out a way to proceed i tried using /code/ and /code/ tool but they do not give proper results .
name1.jenkins.domain.tld - another instance .
nameN.jenkins.domain.tld - last instance .
So, I 've tried to run Jenkins locally instead of service mode as suggested in different posts over the internet, but this have n't resolved the issue.
in addition to the error log in the post, I got also the error log under the jenkins directory in the slave (for me it was C:\jenkins\jenkins-slave.err.log): .
JNLP file   /url/   has invalid arguments: [#####################################,   my_slave_name, -workDir, c:\jenkins, -internalDir, remoting, -url,   /url/, -headless, -jar-cache,   C:\Users\Administrator.jenkins\cache\jars] Most likely a   configuration error in the master "-workDir" is not a valid option .
2)windows slave level: kill all java and jenkins-slave processes (if exist) .
3)windows slave level:  delete the jenkins slave service (if exist) from cmd: /code/ (in my case) .
7)jenkins master ui level: relaunch the agent in jenkins and wait several minutes.
I created same plan again on jmeter3.3 since somewhere it was suggested 'I ca n't run testplan created on jmeter2.3 using jmeter3.3 (jenkins has 3.3 now) but No success.
Everything i 've done is added JVM_ARGS to jenkins  .
This all works locally, but the issue comes in when dealing with Jenkins and the Sonarqube plugin.
When using Jenkins and Sonarqube /code/ block, something happens with how gradle resolves dependencies.
We had a Windows Jenkins server and we use the same jobs, without modification, running on the Ubuntu master.
Jonathan 's answer is correct in that modifying $PATH using the Jenkins Environment Variable settings causes this problem - but just deleting the PATH customizations you have will likely cause you to lose functionality, especially if you have any Freestyle type projects in your Jenkins.
Apparently instead of just fixing that bug, Jenkins project decided to (1) detect the condition and display a weird warning ("Warning: JENKINS-41339 probably bogus") to imply you should check out that ticket and (2) create a brand new way of defining additions to PATH, which is the best solution to your problem because it allows you to customize the $PATH without breaking everything.
I cannot specify the external port (8081) inside my build because then jenkins would n't be able to connect with gitlab and would throw an error.
I would like my Jenkins Pipeline jobs to send a custom e-mail report when they fail.
I 've tested your use case with Jenkins 2.60.3 and after running a script that uses /code/ I get expected exception: .
/pre/  inside /code/ tag and restart Jenkins.
It will cause the same effect as approving this signature via Jenkins UI.
My issue was that Jenkins was using the wrong Git executable (I verified this by disabling the checkout step and adding /code/ before anything else).
Later placed one job’s config.xml and restarted jenkins using safe restart from ui and as a process too.
But jenkins is failing on some 'ERROR Unable to create file nga/logs/nga.log java.io.IOException'.
On UI it says : Please wait while Jenkins is getting ready to work… jenkins version: 2.89.3  java : 1.8.0_60 Full jenkins logs are below.
I have three stages and due to some error when my build fails the Jenkins pipeline stage view is as shown below -  .
I 'm running Jenkins inside of a container; however, my Jenkinsfile fails to build the Docker image and throws this error: .
/pre/  My only issue now is jenkins is running as "root" to avoid a permission issue I keep running into; even when I add the jenkins user to the docker group it still does n't work so I just run jenkins as root for now until I find a better way to do it.
But when I run the script with the help of a Jenkins-Job I get the Error:  .
Beware that anyone able to push commits to this SCM repository could obtain unlimited access to Jenkins.
/pre/  and got a test report from Jenkins showing me the 2 failed tests.
What is wrong with this Jenkins file?
The problem is that Jenkins builds almost the same images for a django app and 5 celery workers.
I am using Jenkins multi branch pipeline with bitbucket and I see an issue where the automatic build created for a PR fails as I rely on env.BRANCH_NAME.
But I know from the jenkins tutorial that /code/ should actually download all missing dependencies, so I dont know how I can fix that problem.
For a while, our Jenkins experiences critical problems.
After the Jenkins service restart, everything is back to normal, but after some period of time all problem are return.
The problem is not with Jenkins' declarative pipeline, but how you 're setting up and running things.
I am able to trigger the jenkins job on pull request from Bit-bucket, but the jobs trigger on push of the branch and commits too, which is not the ideal scenario.
How can i disable to notify Jenkins not to trigger on push of the branch.
/pre/  What both approaches have in common, however, is the fact that each request for installing a plugin is handled asynchronously by Jenkins and hence returns immediately.
However, I would like to automatically trigger a Jenkins restart and notify the user that everything is ready to work once all plugins are installed.
I tried to see what information is available in the /code/ object, but it appears I cannot use the /code/ method on it - the Jenkins pipeline plugin rejects this with the error message .
Jenkins HP ALM build was able to run the scripts successfully in the planned host machine, however the build is reporting failure though the scripts associated with that build passed successfully.
My only problem is when I 'm building and running our installer from JENKINS with silent mode (-q), I 'm always getting this UndefinedVariableException.
I was struggling with Jenkins deployed on Tomcat, tried execution of script, it helps but goes away if tomcat is rebooted.
The remote slave would call back to the Jenkins master, which failed with a similar error.
the issue was because jenkins was running as a service and was unable to access excel being a desktop application.
initially it was pinging 1.1.1.1 which would result in ping Request timed out, potentially marking the Jenkins build as a failure, even though the wait period would be correct] .
The problem is when i try to trigger this build it redirect me to my Jenkins and ask me to insert the parameter but i already passed it over the URL.
I am running Jenkins and Docker, and Jenkins periodically stops working due to a lack of space.
Anything with git pull/ where git commands, which are not executing from Jenkins is because of the path issue in the environmental variables in Windows.
Log out and login back to Jenkins.
It had nothing to do with /code/ block in Jenkins.
Everything is working fine when we are deploying app by Intellij to our local Tomcats on Win machines, but when Jenkins deploys app for our test server (unix) autowired beans suddenly becomes null.
How can I do this in Jenkins, i-e change logback.xml and change log level without rebuilding the code.
I was able to successfully pull the results into Jenkins and when I hit the performance report I am able to see the graphs with accurate error percentage.
Look at Jenkins log files, start with severe exceptions.
This is all in context of a Jenkins pipeline I try to write... why is this so hard?
and all you get back is a blank page, this seems to indicate that the relevant webhook in Jenkins is most likely functioning as intended.
I 'm new on jenkins, and i try run robo tests with firebase-test-lab on my windows node, which connected to the linux master.
I faced this issue when I copied/created new scripts from a different user rather than the one that Jenkins uses to run as.
I did a tail on the /var/log/jenkins/jenkins.log but nothing is shown there(do I need to change any logging setting which would NOT overwhelm the log)?
The weird thing is that if someone is physically logged into the Jenkins box while the tests are running, the library works perfectly fine, but when running headless, the library breaks.
I finally got my Jenkins Job up and running after toiling away for longer than I wanted using the only tutorials that I could find which all happened to be from 2015 or earlier unfortunately.
Similar to you @lifeisfoo my organization currently has a Jenkins instance running on an outside server.
In terms of setting up a Jenkins Job after the node is successfully created and Launch Agent connects properly to your Mac slave from your Jenkins instance see below: .
The below script is to run a pod install every time (because I added Pods/ to the gitignore file only pushing Podfile and Podfile.lock to the repository which Jenkins pulls from)  .
I ended up going with the Execute Shell Build step and not the Xcode Plugin for Build parameters because I was able to more easily manipulate build parameters and test it against the errors I was getting in the console output of each build in my Jenkins instance.
Sooooo if you are seeing any build errors in Jenkins like....... .
Whatever Windows account is used to run Jenkins service, grant the permission on SQL server, ever system service you can grant the computer object to SQL server.
For me, the following also worked in Jenkins 2 (2.73.3) .
I enabled matrix based authentication in Jenkins and tried logging in...but Jenkins was throwing invalid login error even after entering correct credentials.
My requirement is to run the selenium scripts on the particular VDI (acting as slave) and the reason behind the configuration of Jenkins set up as windows service is, whenever the VDI reboots it automatically establishes the JNLP connection with slave node using slave.jar.
/pre/  but jenkins gives me error given below, .
So, please anyone can help me to upload an .ipa to testflight via jenkins.
/pre/  It works fine on my machine (Win), but when I 'm trying to execute this on Jenkins (Ubuntu box), I get error: .
publish the report to jenkins result .
When I 'm trying to run this in Jenkins automation project, I got this error,  .
/pre/  Change true>false and restart jenkins .
/pre/  However, I 'm getting the following error in Jenkins: .
/pre/  But when I try to get the node after it has been created using jenkins-cli I get no such node error.
However, I am able to get the node after saving the configuration through Jenkins UI.
I 'd like to get some recommendations and ideas for updating my closed environment jenkins(no internet connection) and all it 's plug-ins.
The logging time interval is in milliseconds, and its been throwing these errors for over 7 hrs before its failed due to space issue from jenkins server.
well I tried to ssh to my remote server and it did n't work, the official docs does not talk about remote results and it seems to me that the only way is to store the jmeter result file on server where jenkins is running.
I am unable to do code analysis from jenkins,I am getting 403 error.The Execute Analysis permission is provided for all the sonar users,sonar administrator and project creators,but still iam getting 403. .
@funkfan As I have mentioned in my post, I am able to get the node after saving the configuration through Jenkins UI.
/pre/  Sometimes, when running it from the command line via /code/ or from Jenkins, the /code/ is /code/, so the test fails.
I was initially making the properties file in JENKINS_HOME.
Below is the error of my jenkins.
Once I was running jenkins under it 's own user account instead of the local system, everything worked and Jenkins seemed to have access to network drives.
When you create a node or job from the cli, most times you have to return to Jenkins UI and run "Manage Jenkins >> Reload Configuration From Disk", otherwise cli changes sometime remain ineffective.
Browse /url/ and just check  'restart jenkins'  .
/pre/  Everything runs great, but when test fails I see related jenkins log messed up with output from other threads.
UPD It has nothing to do with jenkins, output logs already messed up in gradle.
But I notice that, Jenkins never executes the Test stage since the server remains started(this is what i want), and does not exit from it.
Recently selenium has been unable to locate any elements when running Firefox through a local instance of Jenkins that is run as a Windows service.
I am running Sonar-Scanner through Jenkins and unable to get the analysis successful for .Net solution.
/pre/  I check the jenkins log, it shows error to json parsing.
This method worked for me, to include html file in jenkins workspace to a mail body.
The following works when run in the context of a flask app executed in Jenkins: .
/pre/  When this job is run in Jenkins, it works, no problems.
/pre/  But it generated an error in the Jenkins log.
I ca n't access the html extent reports in Jenkins.
To resolve the issue, I added a env variable under ( Manage Jenkins -> Configure System -> ENV Variable).
/pre/  Currently the Jenkins console output does not show the print statement however it does show when I run it on my personal computer .
It works fine when run on my local machine, but when run on the Jenkins slave it is only able to find the file within the project (using System.getProperty("user.dir")), but it cannot find the network location to send the file to.
Does anyone know of a way to correctly  pass a network location to a jenkins slave so that I could move a file from the slave to a shared folder?
Now since I cloned the code to the Jenkins work space, I want to change some value of the property file download.
Using Jenkins 2.108, the Changes summary is now wrong.
My current requirement is to print code coverage status on the pull request after the build is successful over jenkins using JenkinsFile.
We are in a process of automating the deployments in weblogic nodes through jenkins.The sequence of steps include shutdown managed shutdown admin do copy the war files start admin start managed server.
When we reach "QA on stage", the Jenkins log returns us an error: .
I have a Selenium Web-driver project which is working absolutely fine with passed results, the only problem is when Jenkins instantiate chrome-driver it runs in the background.
Will the termination of Task 1 causes issues if it is writing to a file when receiving a termination from Jenkins?
This can be handled on the Jenkins side.
Today i faced this issue on a jenkins machine that was sending emails just fine till a couple of weeks ago.
Jenkins was able to successfully send emails to me when i tried it by "Test configuration by sending test e-mail" .
Finally i replaced my company 's SMTP server with the jenkins default server and it worked just fine.
The package restore process appears to be looking at the correct NuGet servers and appears to go through the restore without errors (this is a test solution compiled on Jenkins to isolate the issue): .
When the jenkins server that starts the server and I navigate to the homepage, it gives me a 404 Page Not Found.
/pre/  When the interpreter hits the /code/ line, Jenkins throws an exception:  .
In my jenkins pipeline I am working with properties stored in file.
I got this link to get the Build Time Trend along with other Data in jenkins .
So, I referred to the jenkins API documentation and sftp-ed the generated logs to a Splunk log-monitor.
If I execute the testng.xml on my own it successfully executes my test case but if I execute via Jenkins I get the following error message:  .
You can workaround this by installing VNC server and run jenkins slave within it.
I want to pull out the pre-deployment Flyway version number of my production database so I can use this in my continuous deployment pipeline (Jenkins) in case I do a rollback later.
But you can still check their values from the Jenkins 's UI.
My problem is test while developing, and also automate the test in Jenkins, and I am using docker-compose to bring up some php scripts AND a mysql server, to run isolated tests (phpunit as of now).
But now even after checking script#1 flag is false it 's exiting from script#1 and executing remaining 4 build scripts then all the 4 scripts are  failing due to dependency with script#1 finally my jenkins build status is failed.
Jenkins error : .
/url/Navigated to folder where my .war is located and executed 'java -jar jenkins.war'.Then this is the error i am getting while i am executing in cmd.
In theory, you could do so by acquiring a Jenkins plugin called "Fail The Build" and change your job so that: .
The problem is with Jenkins running as a windows service.
Using Jenkins to validate Team Services pull requests .
Jenkins 2 and Nexus 3 seem to work fine.
By setting the option /code/ to true in Jenkins (Under /code/ for the job), you force Bitbucket to update the refs which means you will check out the correct commit .
I want to know how can I check if a file was previously collected as an artifact during a Jenkins groovy pipeline execution?
My thought is the following: Is it possible to only build the data volume "src" new on each code update (triggered trough a jenkins build job) and check them in?
Hi i 'm running a test using galen framework on my local machine and it runs successfully but when it runs on jenkins I get the following error: .
Normally the issue is that it is working locally but not on Jenkins.
During Jenkins startup I see below exception.
Can you please check in the processes if any other instance of Jenkins is running, also if there are any, please kill all of them start command prompt in admin mode and then try executing command again.
Cucumber reporting seems to only work for Jenkins.
Now the problem is when I try to run the job, my test does n't work because Jenkins ca n't find web driver: .
I can see that the image is failing validation, but as far as I can tell it this is from the Jenkins plugin list so am not even sure why this would fail, the system log is also not very helpful.
Jenkins) I immediately check if the commit is tagged using git commands and abort the build if it is n't.
My Jenkins server is running on a Windows Server 2016 1607 - I got the newest Jenkins release.
This is only a problem with Jenkins.
/pre/  While running this yaml through jenkins-job builder, I am getting the error: .
I try now to install and configure /code/ + /code/ but when jenkins try to run a fastlane commande, I get that error : /code/ .
Jenkins is viewing the exit codes of the commands you run, so as long as your bash script makes it to the end without crashing or having a non-zero exit it will exit with code 0 signaling that nothing went wrong.
Are there multiple people contributing to the same code base and the jenkins should be able to copy code to everyone 's local after anyone 's commit build is finished.
Later I was asked to give a meaningful host name (xyz.com), so that with in the organization all IT employees can access without logging in to the server to access Jenkins.
I have changed the port number in Jenkins.xml file even.
Whenever we start a job in Jenkins that uses such an image which should always be pulled from the private registry, we see /code/ and the job is hanging forever.
The strange thing is that we do n't see anything related to such a job in the Jenkins log (/code/ on the Jenkins master) nor do we see anything in the Docker logs (/code/ on the VM with the Docker Engine).
how we could get at least some log messages regarding what Jenkins is doing, when it shows /code/ .
Your Jenkins server i.e server B will not be able to pull files periodically.
This is my last major issue before I can get Jenkins running a nice pipeline for deployment.
/Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home/workspace/PHOENIX_IOS_PRODUCTION/PhoenixiOS/PhoenixiOS-Bridging-Header.h:7:9: error: 'NewRelicAgent/NewRelic.h' file not found .
error: failed to emit precompiled header '/Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home/workspace/PHOENIX_IOS_PRODUCTION/Build/Intermediates.noindex/ArchiveIntermediates/PhoenixiOS/PrecompiledHeaders/PhoenixiOS-Bridging-Header-swift_3OXBDDB6OLUKX-clang_9521NPKFGEEZ.pch' for bridging header '/Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home/workspace/PHOENIX_IOS_PRODUCTION/PhoenixiOS/PhoenixiOS-Bridging-Header.h' .
I have quick question - I am running Serenity BDD tests on Jenkins CI.
I was wondering if anybody here knows how to fail jenkins job on CI if there is a failure in the feature scenarios (or any failures in general).
/pre/  For other jenkins which dose n't have compulsory authentications to view the workspace, this above request format works.
Device Farm Jenkins plugin helps you to run your tests on Device Farm without going to the Device Farm console or using CLI.
Once you are able to run your tests using Device Farm console , running throughs Jenkins is straight forward.
I am trying to run the below in jenkins and i get  error any suggestions?
What I would like to happen is that dynamically generated filename gets put into a parameter and sent to another jenkins job triggered after the first finishes.
/pre/  I am not sure whether this code will run successfully using Jenkins or not, locally it is working very fine .
It only happens when my tests run in CI in Jenkins and that too not very often.
/pre/  I even added a synchronized block as below but same issue was reproduced in jenkins server run.
we are using nexus sonatype 2.11.1-01 and creating yum repository to save artifacts like rpm pom files but we notice that after yum repo is modified like rpms are added then indexes are not getting updated do we have any fix for this in sonatype because we cant afford manula fixes in CI jenkins?
'Jenkins-Crumb': 'c5cc280ddab3fb07d7bf5ae1f254f44e' I am stripping the crumb value from it and passing it to the header.
This way the calling application which is Jenkins in your case would not get that exception.
The pod is running fine, I 've created a service to access jenkins on service-ip:8080 but it seems not to work.
Once I ran Jenkins, the password got encrypted for me.
Change both the browser and proxy and the Jenkins proxy to the IP .
After setting host field to ip:port, Jenkins tries to connect to ip:port:22 .
My only guess it that the error that comes up saying that Jenkins does n't seem to think it 's in a container is the root of the problem.
I want to create a new Jira issue after everytime Jenkins jobs running no matter the result is passed or failed.
BTW: Other related functions are OK. Like： triggered Jenkins job after Jira issue status changed or added comments to jira after running job.
I have a windows pc from which i open the jenkins url say xyz:8080 and try to execute the scripts from my windows box but it gives below error.
That was the reason why it works locally and not with jenkins.
/pre/  After executing this command, go to /url/ , it should run jenkins now not as tomcat part.
due to gerrit-trigger.xml under Jenkins root directory which should be deleted before installing .
One problem is : Two jenkins will get started, but one will be terminated without completing the jenkins-job.
If the Serenity build fails, the Jenkins build job should fail automatically.
Only failing when there are more than a certain percentage of errors is not supported by Jenkins as far as I know, and would be an odd testing strategy.
the Java Program was executed inside of a maven build, which would also copy any other resource that we might need in the produced configuration files(such as certificates), the whole thing was packaged and deployed in the server through Jenkins, where in the last part the bash scripts would place the configuration files in the right folder, thus automating everything.
I',m struggling to connect my windows slave to the Jenkins server (Linux), but with no luck.
I presume it is impossible with "running" objects, and I should serialize variable (obviously limitation with serializable objects ;) ) into Jenkins workspace and deserialize from script 2. .
I 'm having troubles running Ruby/RSpec tests against Safari 11 when I 'm trying to run tests via ssh manually or via Jenkins (where machine where Safari exists is remote slave).
Since I expect Jenkins to be running test job on this machine, my idea to overcome this issue would be to launch safaridriver on this machine (by cron or launchctl) and then use this instance to connect to it with my tests.
But if there is an unknown number of commits  causing my Jenkins job to start, I 'm in trouble.
Jenkins threw this error because it could not read the credentials.
This is also happening in the Jenkins jobs created for it where it checks out a fresh copy of the code builds and executes.
After some trial and errors, got it working by this aliasing statement for jenkins-cli .
Even though the code works fine in Windows, the file upload is not happening when running the test cases via Jenkins on Ubuntu.
How difficult is to retrieve secret file credentials in Jenkins?
Jenkins ca n't access my private key located at "/root/.ssh/my_private_key".
Jenkins UI error : Publish over SSH > SSH Servers > SSH Server > Path to key" .
However, when my Jenkins job runs, I can see that it spins a new pod in the /code/ namespace as expected for the build, but this pod does not have access to the /code/ or the /code/ command.
I had successfully configured jenkins build jobs send emails out with basic information in.
My Jenkins Master instance is on a Windows server and deploy is running on a slave node, also on a windows.
In the new Pipeline jobs, setting /code/ no longer prevents Jenkins from killing your processes once the job finishes.
My Jenkins build is failing with the following error: .
I 'm using the EC2 plugin for jenkins and having problems getting multiple instances to spin up.
Once I bring tag lists that satisfies with above, I want Jenkins to iterate a tag among tags list and trigger each one to run another pipeline which would clone source code into its working directory and build and deploy its binary to a remote server and send information for letting the remote server whether or not it is updated.
Every time I 'll re-init my Jenkins instance an incomplete config.xml will provide - the "bindName" property (XML-node) is always missing.
Jenkins has an inbuilt command line tool that would help in trouble diagnosis and show what is happening in the background while the jobs run.
But, when attempting to integrate Maven, I am having "command not found" in my Jenkins log, yet I can run /code/ no problem in the command line.
On Jenkins I get an error .
I already removed the workspace on Jenkins for this repository but it keeps failing with this error.
On another PC I can clone the repository from Gitlab perfectly, so it can not be a failure on the Gitlab-Server but has to be on the Jenkins-Server (Windows 10).
/pre/  And actually just before the error from above I also see it like this in the Jenkins output: .
The issue your facing is because your running Jenkins as windows service, in this case headless execution happens technically your script is executed for other user account.
During that build - whole github repository (where code is committed) will be fetched and stored inside temporary directory on a server where Jenkins is running.
I feel it is a jenkins specific issue, as other users have reported the same error /url/ .
Assume I have multiple nodes/slaves (Say 5 nodes) configured to my jenkins master..
I am getting some error around /code/ while trying to build the code in jenkins.
I am getting following error when I am trying to execute my automated test cases via Jenkins.
While checking the server I found geckodriver and chromedriver already exist on the path "/usr/local/bin/" but I still do n't know why Jenkins is throwing these errors.
It appears that my issue seems to have stemmed from a lack of disk space on the Jenkins server.
Issue : File getting downloaded in one of e2e tescases is not getting saved to given folder in jenkins workspace  .
Can it be a issue that jenkins not allowing that downloaded file due to access /security related policies ?
The following commits are automatically notified by gitea to jenkins.
Python works fine on command prompt but failed to run from Jenkins and gives error  .
I closed all the command windows and closed the jenkins client.
Then again connected the jenkins client on slave and it worked for me .
I must have changed ownership to jenkins earlier when I was setting things up, but that was n't a very good idea.
I get the ERROR: Build failed with /code/ when I try to use the User-Scoped Credentials (the ones, defined for particular user - not in the Jenkins -> Credentials configuration .
what i want to do now is set the values in the .properties file inside jenkins so it can be updated without having to manually open the .properties file and then run the same .bat file .
When i see jenkins endpoint it has a verification link that verifies the endpoint/url/ I google too many samples but nothing relevant information.
I 'm attempting to get our PHPunit tests to run on our build server (Windows jenkins server).
/pre/  For me, the issue is resolved after creating the file /code/ with the following content and restarting jenkins: .
Is there a way to push these files from the test slave to the Jenkins workspace while the job is running?
If changes are detected the Jenkins job is then started.
Gotcha: it may be that your Jenkins is not deployed under the root context (/code/) in which case the URL would be /code/ .
But when jenkins runs the exact same command i get the same error .
If any of them fail, then Jenkins fails (non zero exit code), and I know to fix it.
/pre/  This is the results we see in Jenkins: .
I installed Jenkins on my MacBook and I tried to run it on my system but I get this error: /url/ .
I have some consumer contract tests that should run on Jenkins on offline mode because the producer and the consumer APIs use both the same local Maven repository on the server, and the tests would crash if they tried to download the stubs of the producer as they are already locally.
The second difference is that the Jenkins configuration file are placed in a different path that corresponds to the mounting point of the persistent volume, i.e.
/pre/  Now it is enough to restart the Jenkins, action that will cause the container and the Pod to die, it will created again in some seconds with the configuration updated (and all the chance like vi, update erased) thanks to the persistent volume.
I got the same problem... works on my developer MacBook, but fails on my Jenkins running on RHEL7 when running /code/ using /code/.
What does n't work, however, is that the Gerrit Trigger in Jenkins could no longer post the build results to Gerrit due to a 500 error.
jenkins never comes up, "Please wait while Jenkins is getting ready to work.."  .
When jenkins was failing to start lsof -p pid showed that it was slowly browsing through a fileststem that was consigured for fstrigger to watch.
We already have a system in place for our server-side components, built on Jenkins.
I 'm getting this warning when running the phpunit test suite in Jenkins pipeline.
After upgrading to Jenkins 2.89, this is no longer the case: every task requiring authentication with AWS fails with a 403 error.
I never bothered installing any additional plugins for Jenkins as NUnit tests can be executed via console, as you would locally.
Remember that you need to re-connect your node to Jenkins Master in order for the updated system variables to be picked up.
If you arrive to this question of stack overflow because you receive this message from docker, but you do n't use jenkins, most probably the error is the same: your unprivileged user does not belong to the docker group.
Console output (build lob) parsing with a global rule so that the Failures that are logged in the Jenkins Console window will consider the JMeter script failing.
It is able to run docker, but I still get the "Jenkins does not seem to be running inside a container", and the script will not execute.
With this configured you can, in jenkins, just pull the already exported data instead of actually performing the export.
Everytime you make commit this bat file will be executed then jenkins job will be triggered.
/pre/  (assuming you called your service jenkins, and your port on the service is 8080) .
The benefit of this approach is that it will survive restarts of your jenkins without reconfiguration.
Secondary benefit is that you would not have to expose Jenkins to the outside world, thus limiting security risks.
We have to create new branch but this situation can mess up with jenkins connection.
It seems that when I do a push from my laptop jenkins does trigger a build but I get a message each time which I dont understand: .
Oddly jenkins does seem to have triggered a build which has detected the change that I pushed but I am assuming something is misconfigured.
That did not work though: what would be the right URL to access Jenkins?
If everything goes well Taurus exit code will be 0 which is considered successful by Jenkins.
The fix for myself was giving the jenkins user proper permissions for the /code/ folder and the /code/.
An update to 3.0.4 on Jenkins fixed it.
Jenkins slave is throwing the below error while building the project.
However when Jenkins runs it via a Windows batch command, it gives the error .
the script used to work, then I had to update Jenkins (and subsequently rolled it back when the script started failing).
When i was tried to generate apk using jenkins it gives me error like below.
/pre/  Jenkins build Error: /url/ .
When a Jenkins build is aborted by a milestone() command, I would like to have the build status SUCCESS.
After upgrading Jenkins and Plugins recently, the Post Build task randomly aborts with an exception as shown bellow.
Error Message (printed to Jenkins console): .
I 'm working on some jenkins pipeline scripted code and keep hitting things that are sandboxed, or at least I think they 're sandboxed.
So am trying to have a pipeline(GIT commit triggers CI pipeline) notification using Jenkinsfile where am catching the exception for the person who gets notified when a build fails in Jenkins.
So including the files system structure of Jenkins and the VOB name of ClearCase the whole path of some Rhapsody packages was to long and the job stopped.
My JUnit Tests run fine in eclipse and pass locally however in Jenkins my 1st test passes and 2nd one fails and I know why but cant figure out the solution.
/pre/  This is the one that fails in Jenkins .
/url/ The problem i think is that Jenkins cant find the element because the page is not coming up in what ever environment it is using.
The Jenkins job is then started if changes are detected.
Gotcha: it may be that your Jenkins is not deployed under the root context (/code/) in which case the URL would be /code/ .
But how can I post a status message to HipChat that contains an element to trigger an action back in Jenkins?
I also send a HipChat message if approval is needed which contains a link to JENKINS.
I could send a POST request to JENKINS if the message would contain standard HTML.
I tried the jenkins "SonarQube Scanner for MSBuild - Begin Analysis" and "SonarQube Scanner for MSBuild - End Analysis" build steps but they failed with the following error message: .
/pre/  The interesting part is, when I open a command line, switch to the jenkins workspace and then execute the commands manually everything works as expected: .
I have my Jenkins running on 8080 port and the service is up and running but while accessing the home page I am getting the below error :  .
Another question is if i do the build only and do not run sonar analysis, still i will get the report ( could be the earlier one runned ) on my jenkins page?
If it shows a connection error or fails to load when you deploy jenkins.war file on tomcat, then follow the steps below.
Jenkins will load and may asks for password.
If the permission is denied to access the password then  /code/ or else run /code/ there you will see .jenkins folder.
I looked at JENKINS-26481 and related JIRA issues.
Recently when I ran regression tests on Jenkins, some of the tests started breaking.The test was as follows.
Note: Test is failing only when it is ran on Jenkins, it works fine when ran on local machine.
Jenkins only needs to load the file .
For the first time, I had started it using docker run command after which Jenkins got launched on browser and I also added some jobs in it and did docker commit.
/pre/  I can not change the way the tests are started now and one of the problems is that the build in Jenkins is always Sucessful even if there are failed/broken/skipped tests.
So, I can get the number of failed tests from TestListenerAdapter, but how can I let Jenkins know that there were failed tests?
/pre/  but this makes Jenkins break and throw an error on trying to save the generator config.
I am not able to view the browser launching or execution happening from a shell script when initiated from Jenkins Job .
In my case if was the wrong Proxy settings for Jenkins.
/pre/  But bare in mind that when you run this new container from that image jenkins might not consider it as a new installation because the initialization process was already done before the commiting.
Result: Slave agent registers on master as seen from the Manage Nodes section of the Jenkins UI .
/pre/  This is really helpful, that i used when i was facing different exceptions during the installation of Jenkins.
Restart Jenkins and try running .
We have a jenkins job which is getting triggered after every push to gitlab.
Both the below commands executes fine in the command prompt but however the Jenkins Build job keeps getting failed with Exit 1 state.
Jenkins require all variables to be serializable because the state of the pipeline is periodically saved to disk in case of interrupts like a server restarts.
There is a Jenkins Plugin that helps you to send notification messages to Mattermost.
Recently I see some strange behavior with Jenkins, configured to use 5 executors (on master) only, but despite the configuration, I see this: .
I got the same error while invoking Standalone SonarQube Analysis as a Jenkins job pre-build step, which I fixed adding /code/ along with other SonarQube Analysis properties, as follows: .
Make sure your build node has HTTP access to your SonarQube instance (the Jenkins master having access to it does not imply build nodes also have it).
Thus your Jenkins build should recognize the returned /code/ and consider it a shellscript failure.
/pre/  When I start to build the Jenkins job it able to run the DevicesUpgrade.jar file until last part of jar process before it finish, sudddenly it just stuck there till I abort the job.
Is there anything that I need to do on Jenkins to fix this hang problem?
If you run this pipeline in Jenkins you will see something like that in the console log: .
Error text (Jenkins) .
If you are in any corporate network and you have not set proxy in jenkins then you will get the above error.
Seems maven executed by Jenkins not used the /code/ in your local  .
Issue: While running the test from Jenkins I am getting the following error org.openqa.selenium.WebDriverException:  connection refused .
Then either: Manually in jenkins pipeline fire the API calls to set the build status to in in progress, failed, success .
I am trying to integrate my private repository in BitBucket with Jenkins, I am following the same exact steps as shown in this /url/, but my error is not resolving.
/pre/  I do have the data_jenkins in the same locations where docker-compose is and passing that path as volume .
The odd thing is that when our jenkins job to deploy our staging branch got triggered by the accepted merge request, it appears to have built from the hotfix commit rather than the merge commit created by merging the hotfix branch back into staging .
Our triggers for the job are 'push events, 'accepted merge request events', and 'comments' ('jenkins please retry a build') .
Jenkins shows that first of all a job was run triggered by a push event, which correctly saw the merge commit and built from it,  then another job was run which shows the same merge commit id, then shows the commit id from the hotfix branch, and then appears to choose the hotfix branch to build from instead of the more recent merge commit.
I know I can whitelist the call to /code/, but it seems I should honor the warning Jenkins gives saying to deny the request to avoid a possible security vulnerability.
The following is the Jenkins output console, and thanks so much in advance.
I’d like to set Jenkins in fault tolerant mode, so if one of masters is down, second master should pick up failed job and re-trigger it.
Commit message: "jenkins test" .
However, as is often the case, the source is dependent upon a set of JAR files from a third-party, and there are different versions of these JARs that can be used going forward as a continuous integration process - hence Jenkins.
/pre/  But when I run this, Jenkins marks everything as unstable... but I 'd like the first and last stages to show green if possible and just the stage that had an issue to go yellow.
By disabling these settings Jenkins will no longer abort old job builds if a newer patch is available but it will allow Gerrit Trigger to respond to it 's own Gerrit Comments thus triggering additional builds.
Using Jenkins, I try to copy builded artefacts with scp to another server.
Jenkins announced success and the right files quantity.
 Am I correct in my understanding that Jenkins system logs are output to the jenkins.log file?
Internal engines, plugins, etc saves its logs in jenkins log file .
Where might the jenkins.log file be located on my machine?
Is this the best approach in troubleshooting issues with Jenkins when the web UI is inaccessible?
Yes you have the jenkins log file or a web alternative : /url/ but jenkins.log has more information .
Steps to find your jenkins log path .
JENKINS_LOG=/var/log/$NAME/$NAME.log .
So your file /var/log/jenkins/jenkins.log must be exist.
The content of our snapshot repository changes very rapidly with every build on Jenkins.
In the example above, obviously updating the Jenkins location and job name as needed.
Right now I can see that gitea is sending POST to Jenkins at the above URL but nothing is happening, the Jenkins logs also have no information to understand why its failing.
I am running into an issue here where after copying the generated public SSH key to the Gitea user account, Jenkins is still unable to access the repo in order to use Pipeline Editor.
When I had similar exception message I managed to fix it after importing self-signed certificate into JVM (Jenkins uses Java).
Now we frequently show failure in Jenkins sonar job due to SonarQube analysis failed and not able to application snapshot on Sonar server.
I am getting the below message from jenkins console however the folders are empty and report has no data.
Report successfully generated to C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\Scs Testing\allure-report .
My jenkins slaves, that are running in docker containers, keep getting out of space errors.
Any idea of getting the correct syntax in Jenkins for this scenario?
/pre/  The issue here is I am able to run this command and it builds the native libraries successfully when run the machine locally, but it fails when it is run through jenkins.
I am running a Selenium Webdriver script that includes intatiate chromedriver, but in Jenkins server am getting this error: .
And in this case you can just push your code to version control system and Jenkins will do all mentioned steps automatically so your application will be automatically updated and restarted.
The workaround I got was to give a "777" access to JENKINS_HOME in one pod in the Kubernetes Host.
build#2 on Jenkins failed (nothing uploaded to Nexus) .
Jenkins_A .
How can Jenkins_A change the property value from Jenkins_B job 's property file?
It looks like the intended behaviour of Jenkins is to delete the job, but not the workspace files for piplines, you must delete those yourself.
Can someone please tell me where I 've went wrong and what I can do to correct this script so that my list of server IP addresses is dynamically loaded into a Jenkins job?
However when we try to pull the image on the same jenkins box it fails with error : .
I am trying to execute maven project through jenkins but getting this error.
With this setup, when I try to use Jenkins-cli.jar as below, I get an error: ERROR: No such job 'testing' .
After the restart of jenkins things worked fine.
Is there a way to get all Vulnerability / Security / Plugin - Warnings that you can see in the Jenkins-Master-Webgui and print them in your terminal?
This Jenkins instance uses deprecated protocols: JNLP-connect,JNLP2-connect,JNLP3-connect.
But it really returns exit code different from 0, why does Jenkins ignore it?
And what is the appropriate way to force Jenkins fail the whole build if there are any of failed stages?
I currently, have a post-build action in Jenkins to get the files from a network location.
What 's the best way for jenkins to save test results from an xml file to a central db(preferably postgres)?
When I run the command /code/ I get a series of warnings/errors and Jenkins will not run as expected.
Started app pools manually &amp; running jenkins worked fine afterwards.
/pre/  And i 've configure a jenkins job to execute this file by calling another shell file "environment.sh", but it attempts to execute the following error appears: .
Jenkins failed in running bower package with error  .
Server running jenkins is able to access /code/, no issue accessing site in https.
Because if you do the tagging by yourself and trigger Jenkins, you assume that your build is going to be successful.
I just tried build my test image for Jenkins course and got the issue .
While trying to set up Jenkins to deploy to my WebSphere server I get an error.
I have Jenkins running on Windows as a service.
After a Windows recommended update this afternoon, and a machine restart, my Jenkins just stopped working.
I must install Jenkins on a machine (a NonStop server) which has no access to the Internet.
I read in /url/ that it is possible to download the .hpi files and to put them in the right directory, hoping to catch all dependencies, but at the moment the installation hangs after unblocking Jenkins, probably because it tries to access the Internet.
(By the way, NonStop servers put Jenkins under Tomcat, if this can be of any importance) .
I 've been using violations plugging for Jenkins to trace the python pep8 violations of my code for a while and a few days ago it stopped working.
I did n't change any plugging nor updated Jenkins but suddenly I was unable to open the configuration of the jobs using it and jobs got stuck once the results were about to be published .
When trying to deploy I get this exception from within jenkins: .
When building target with linkstamping enabled I am seeing the following error on a remote builder (jenkins) .
For /code/ to work, the Docker server and the Jenkins agent must use the same filesystem, so that the workspace can be mounted.
I 'm not sure where you have looked what about this: /url/$hbase-server/218/testReport/junit/org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.procedure/TestDisableTableProcedure/org_apache_hadoop_hbase_master_procedure_TestDisableTableProcedure/ if you take a look a line before there you can see: /code/....this means about 1 MiB has been truncated ...which is done as far as I know by Jenkins... .
There might be an issue if Jenkins re-creates the file from scratch, ie with a remove and a create, instead of just opening it as normal.
Here 's the scenario, we have jenkins running on this box and plan to use sonar to check code during it 's deploy process the server is on our work intranet and is not outward facing (bar via ssh or such) We wish to be able to view the sonar results from a failed build (notify via slack which we have working via jenkins) so the user on another machine in our network would make a request to /url/ to access sonar and see any issues preventing the deploy.
On Jenkins, you can change it here: .
You are getting this error because when you are copying files over ssh, the ssh session ca n't able to find the tty file when you run it through jenkins.
My assumption is that you are running into the /url/ since your client is based in a browser document, from a different origin (different port) than your Jenkins server runs on.
I have a Jenkins node running windows, and I 'd like to "tail" a file to the jenkins output, and I ca n't quite seem to get it to work.
If I omit the -wait on the Get-Content call, the current content of the file finds it 's way to Jenkins and the thread exits.
I ca n't seem to get the output of Get-Content -wait back to Jenkins.
/pre/  this works great and I see the output in realtime appearing in Jenkins ... .
I have Jenkins setup on /code/ and all the log is present under /code/  .
I met the issue at bamboo-agent, but I assume the same holds for jenkins.
The issue was resolved by simply re-connecting the Jenkins Slave.
Those proxy information might not be available to the java instance running Jenkins.
Downloaded file /var/lib/jenkins/plugins/script-security.jpi.tmp does not match expected SHA-1, expected 'MYjQw4AV0DWl3AqGU7VV7g/J/Wk=', actual 'TvCHCDNNL1zGA00HjilE2sJe+mE .
Even though my Jenkins HTTP Proxy Configuration is testing to external sites ok within the Plugin Manager, I 'm thinking my work proxy is causing problems.
I was using google chrome and i tried everything, uninstall jenkins complete from the face of my HDD, and reinstalling but non work.
Then i took petty on IE (or on myself for that matter) and i ran the jenkins (localhost:8080) on IE and voila!
Upgrading git client for windows on which jenkins build happens is the solution for the issue .
I get this error when using swagger parser inside a jenkins shared library pipeline .
Stop the Jenkins windows service .
After following those steps you will be able to get back into Jenkins, you might have other version issues with plug-ins but at least you can get back in and not lose everything.
Any future behavior/issues of the jenkins server?
I am getting the below error in Jenkins while fetching tags from git repo.
/pre/  If I run that configuration inside Jenkins I can see the error: .
May be your jenkins build failure, also can cause this to happen.
So if nothing works out please restart your jenkins itself.
The script works locally but when I run it on Jenkins, the file gets overwritten instead of appended.
Here is the failed result from Jenkins: /url/ .
When builds are started in Jenkins, they sometimes fail for reasons unknown to me.
I have an issue on nightwatch running on jenkins.
If everything is under same repository and under same branch jenkins will trigger all jobs in that branch when a pull request/commit is made.
So it seems to be aproved that somewhere Jenkins stored more information about the git repository than only in the job 's workspace.
/pre/  These variables are exported using jenkins and it works nicely .
But when I run the Jenkins job which runs them all it fails .
Reason I saw that was because jenkins disk was full for me.
The way I diagnosed it was to look at the errors that were thrown as Jenkins was trying to run: .
/pre/  The error I saw was that Jenkins needed Java 8, not Java 10.
I 've got a server in work which has sonarQube, Gitlab and jenkins running side by side with Maven also on the box.
This causes Jenkins to not know the tests completed, causing an eventual timeout build failure.
immediately abort my jenkins job if git push fails for whatever reason: .
The default jenkins/jnlp-slave:alpine works fine but I see this below error in Kubernetes Agent:     .
The problem is that Jenkins cannot handle the charset when reading the console output during runtime.
The Jenkins logs show the rest of the stages that were skipped: .
Anyway, when I try to run the tests in Jenkins, I end up with a /code/ message.
If I understand the Skip Certificate Check Plugin correctly (I have n't used it) it makes the Jenkins Master process skip cert checks.
Do not forget to stop the Jenkins server before you copy the files.
When running certain builds on Jenkins, I have been getting this error and I ca n't seem to figure out how to prevent this from happening.
So far my only work around for this is deleting the entire Jenkins workspace.
I am trying to run BDD  test case using Jbehave , selenium  it works fine in local environment but fails when i am running through Jenkins.
You can activate the debugging then we can confirm everything is ok with the handshake and that it 's a problem of insufficient security, by adding  -Djavax.net.debug=all to your Jenkins startup.
It seems this Jenkins plugin does n't support data channel encryption.
/pre/  This works just fine in my local box but in sandbox mode in Jenkins, this fails and I ca n't turn off the sandbox mode in Jenkins.
I have already added 2 secret files to Jenkins credentials with names /code/ and /code/.
Creates JUnit XML test result documents that can be read by tools such as Jenkins .
Jenkins pipeline passes the /code/ stage even if no mongo connection is found and no test run.
Jenkins figures out the upstream/downstream automatically.
Here are the files to run a jenkins container that runs docker inside: .
Gitea will notify Jenkins with a POST containing a lot of information in JSON format.
When I execute tests with Jenkins and publish reports, Jenkins does not populate content present in output tag .
Jenkins is installed and all, but when I 'm building any jobs that would then use Docker, I get an error that  .
update for Jenkins Plugin (/url/) is committed but also not yet released .
The problem is that it appears the  'slaveConnectTimeout' setting in the podTemplate is not honoured in the pipeline configuration, and neither is the default template setting of 'Timeout in seconds for Jenkins connection' in Pod Template section of Global Settings.
When running it on the /url/ it works fine, but when running it in my Jenkins I get: .
/pre/  How can I access a class property in a Groovy script running on Jenkins, without getting /code/ exception?
I already did some searching for this error message, but all Jenkins-Issues I found were fixed and closed at least in 2.7.1 so should be included in my jenkins version.
Update - 1 This is the output in Jenkins.
Manually scheduling another build in Jenkins typically resolves the build error.
But when i tried to start jenkins by using command "java -jar jenkins.war -- httpPort=9090" i got error.
this will allow the jnlp slave to connect to the jenkins master correctly .
Issues are not loaded in Gerrit and jenkins logs say .
While the /url/ can help notify Jenkins to poll whenever there is a commit, you still need to be mindful of the /url/ (described /url/) .
The last Jenkins URL /code/ comes from the /url/.
So if you are running Jenkins as a service, this wo n't work.
As the title says, how can a build in Jenkins be stopped without being aborted?
I know for a current Jenkins build I can get the list of scm changes by using /code/ and then I can look at all the /code/ of those changeSets to determine the commit messages, commit id etc.
However from the downstream Job standpoint upon completion of the tests run through Jenkins I want to be able to also to mention all upstream changes that have taken place.
Jenkins, and it should not be achieved through aforementioned reason through adding the file to the /code/.
/pre/  Works perfectly with Jenkins.
I 'm trying to run jenkins war file, but I 'm getting this error: .
I 've got a problem when I launch a build on Jenkins.
I would like to have the coverage report of my instrumented tests in Jenkins but it fails due to an incompatible version of Jacoco.
When I run a build in Jenkins with this configuration, it goes well but I do n't get the coverage report of the instrumented tests.
Jenkins log shows both triggers as being identical, as though the second build is not aware of the first build.
src\core\lib\surface\call.cc:1018: prepare_application_metadata: {"created":"@1520008670.738000000","description":"Unallowed duplicate metadata","file":"C:\jenkins\workspace\gRPC_build_artifacts\platform\windows\workspace_csharp_ext_windows_x64\src\core\lib\transport\metadata_batch.cc","file_line":111,"key":"grpc-internal-encoding-request","value":"gzip"} .
/pre/  I have configured Automatic signing with my code base which will work with xcode run as well as xcodebuild run  from terminal from my machine but it gives above error when I run it on jenkins pipeline or try to run on terminal from remotely connected machine  .
But how will that work for the above jenkins image with a volume?
It has sys.exit(2) but Jenkins build always has a SUCCESS status.
How can I pass the exit code to Jenkins?
On the Jenkins server, ensure that your job is configured to run on the remote machine, using a label expression.
I assume this may be fixed, but just in case, there is also the "Last Changes plugin" from Jenkins.
Any ideas on how I get /code/ to accept a value from Jenkins and interpret it as the URL to the archive?
Since Jenkins loads this data at first load, you need to execute 'Reload Configuration From Disk' in Global configuration.
However, when I mention volume(jenkins_home ie /mycom/jenkins) inside the plugin configuration as NAS persistant volume claim , I am observing the mount path permission is changing to "nobody" as opposed to "jenkins".
I 'm having trouble running on jenkins my selenium tests, when the start the server starts, but says the following: .
There is not currently any provision to rerun    /code/s, nor any API in Jenkins for such    contributors to indicate that their result might have changed since    the last call.
I solved this problem using polling of the Jenkins server.
Automatic signing configured with Xcode9 working fine with machine but giving below error when I access that machine remotely via ssh &amp; run through commandline bash scripts which is using Xcodebuild with Automatic code sign style or if same code base is configured with jenkins pipeline &amp; triggered a run still give below error message:- .
However, when I am running /code/ on Jenkins, I have been getting this error:  .
I like the retry option in Jenkins pipeline but I am not sure if I can catch an error from the build in the catch block and do a retry.
The Sonarqube instance is up but my jenkins builds are failing with below error.
You can see whether this is the case in the Jenkins build console.
My Jenkins installation seems to change this behavior sometimes without obvious reason.
On my Windows Jenkins instance password worked well.
This is just because build is generating in wrong jenkins workspace due the wrong configuration that we have done earlier.
While running from Jenkins its giving following error.
My question is, how hard is it for Jenkins to run something with elevated privileges?
However when executed on our jenkins server I get this error: .
/pre/  So I am a bit confused as to wether or not this is an image/container problem or could it be because the jenkins server is lacking permissions to run the docker image?
(Upon downloading the file, file will be jenkins 's folders, i need to verify that file has downloaded or not).
/pre/  This will require that you approve the individual script calls through the Jenkins sandbox approval method, but it was far simpler than anything else I 'd found across the web about renaming the actual children of the parent pipeline.
in a folder where user running Jenkins has read and write access to.
/pre/  Sometimes, when job is killed with jenkins you get this problem.
But sadly I get an ERROR in the Jenkins log: .
/pre/  Using this method, I get the following error in the Jenkins output: .
I just moved our jenkins to a new machine behind a reverse proxy, before it was straight on the intranet.
The requests log properly, nothing in the error log, jenkins seems to work in other ways....but the proxy tests gives a 404?
Did some test to train some data and meet such an error and would like to know what 's "tf_jenkins" folder used for?
However I was able to create issues from Test results page in Jenkins(So communication is not a problem)manually by clicking "+" next to failed test.
/pre/  But from Jenkins, from the Console Output I have this error: .
/pre/  The flow is running in the develop branch: /url/ I do n't know why Jenkins says this error.
I double-checked the userchange in the Jenkins systeminformations (it 's really running on the admin).
The reason is that you are starting Jenkins as a service which will run in the background.
Unable to read data from config.properties from jenkins while running test cases on aws device farm.
This problem solved when I have passed my own port number while running the jenkins.war.
Jenkins is installed and running on a tomcat server, not in docker, which Jenkins mentions each time it runs, saying "Jenkins does not seem to be running inside a container".
I 'd solve the problem differently, matching the jenkins group id inside the container to that of the docker socket you 've mounted a volume.
This entrypoint run on every startup, but fairly transparently to the Jenkins app that is launched.
Locally, I am able to successfully run the test, but when I check-in my code and it goes to the CI (Jenkins), the client program can be invoked but says no tests found.
Found the solution, just add this argument in jenkins.xml and restart jenkins and issue will be resolved.
You probably need to add a missing scope to the Compute Engine VM Instance running Jenkins that would give it access to Cloud Source Repository.
/pre/  Adding the following /url/ to the VM instance running Jenkins was enough to fix the error: .
Summary:  Jenkins in K8s minikkube works fine and scales well in case of default jnlp agent but stuck with "Waiting for agent to connect" in case of custom jnlp image.
The problem I am facing is the Jenkins jobs generate separate report and the client requires a single report.
I was wondering if somebody has tried Jenkins Copy artifact + Serenity aggregate to consolidate reports into a single serenity report.
java.lang.IllegalStateException: The driver is not executable: /var/lib/jenkins/jobs/autocred-ui-automated-tests/workspace/autocredenciamento/chromedriver     at test.HomeTest.beforeMethod(HomeTest.java:19) .
Now my need is to create a jenkins build which will transfer the files to remote server.
Essentially, it seems that “service jenkins start” is somehow causing a session to be created, which dumps it into a script.
I suspect this is due to how /code/ contains a script-based session logger, and i suspect that Jenkins is attempting to execute this script when it su’s into its own jenkins user .
When I run it in Jenkins, I get the following: .
I know, however, that the profile was successfully copied to Jenkins and is being used, because if it was not the following line  .
Is there a away to copy the files from repo to a server using a script inputed to jenkins?
And in the physical machine which Jenkins server depends on, when I type in /code/, I would expect it to should show /code/ as current branch instead of /code/.
My repo is bit big and have a problem when I rerun the Jenkins pipeline, because deleteDir() is not waiting till the directory has been deleted completely resulting git clone failure.
I have a simple test running in a Jenkins job that is kicked off by an upstream job that installs and starts the server.
/pre/  I know it has something to do with classpath, but I am unsure how to solve this problem in jenkins.
It was fetching code there and was updating it every single time, so changing it to +x before submitting my Jenkins job did n't help.
import works so I guess its not something I configured wrong in Jenkins.
I have a jenkins pipeline script  which was imported from another instance of jenkins, where it runs without error.
And i has tested for using the JENKINS enviroment variable, they are valid, just i defines in pipeline is invalid: .
Following is the success logs I see on Jenkins console logs but the emails are not received, I 've correctly updated SMTP in /code/ and  /code/ sections .
/pre/  I would expect that this is caused by a dependency issue in my pom.xml, but I did add the Jenkins war to the list of dependencies (Note: I 'm new to maven, so I may just be missing something.
I 'm making a POST request after a successful GET request with NodeJS, I am getting the crumb successfully from Jenkins but I am always getting the same response from Jenkins "No valid crumb was included in the request", can someone help me where I might be missing it here?
is it having the same values that you have when you run it on cmd and through jenkins, Did you check the path and location of DB related from jenkins location??
/pre/  Then try to load that DB from your Jenkins job.
The error that we are getting from Jenkins when deploying the newest version to Tomcat is: .
   Jenkins MSBuild Process cannot access the file .
I have moved from one partition to another my jenkins repository, it works but for some reason, the output is not showing the correct format, bold font are not present.
I was facing the same issue, then I realized that my explorer was accessing the directory that Jenkins was trying to delete.
Trying to build android in Jenkins with crashlytics but every-time the error message is coming in log as .
I have configured jenkins and enabled subversion then entered URL and its credentials in the jenkins job.If i triggered the jenkins build manually,check out the svn code is suceess but when there is change in the SVN,job is triggered through SCM polling but it returns an error  .
But within the Jenkins file we actually put the same url and credentialsId.
The problems is that the Code is tested by a Jenkins server and the Unit Tests fail because they ca n't connect to a REST Server.
Is there something else I need to do to gitignore a file in Jenkins.
I 'm getting the error "/var/jenkins_home/tools/hudson.model.JDK/jdk8/bin/java: not found:" even though the path exists: .
How do I get that file included in the Jenkins pipeline and how do I tell JMETER where to look for it in the csv data set config?
/pre/  The issue is that the slave could n't resolve the Jenkins master.
This has been happening since I set up a new server for my Jenkins master.
I saw the Video on you tube where they are running video inside the Allure report in jenkins.
I am trying to run my automation tests from Jenkins CI server (built with Gradle), but the browser crashes instantly with the error below.
Getting Console Output of Jenkins build error as follow- .
I have problem with generate allure report in jenkins.
After Run build in Jenkins build fails (put browser window is opening and test pass).
/pre/  So that would be issue in your case since Jenkins is still able to see the file in repo .
In case we are forbidden to access to the DB from Jenkins, which are the approaches we should consider?
I copied the config /code/ file into jenkins machine and gave the path in the build step and I 'm getting a error: .
I believe the user-facing difference is that a failure in a builder marks the Jenkins job as "failed", while failure in a publisher marks the job as "unstable".
This way, Jenkins gives me a FAILED status for broken compilation and UNSTABLE status for working compilation but failing tests.
The issue here stems from your e-mail provider rather than anything to do with Docker or Jenkins.
/pre/  Then I 'm inspecting running jenkins: /code/, /code/ node in output says that /code/ is /code/ but when I type in browser /code/ it ca n't be reached..  Any ideas?
In my case, it was a Jenkins update which changed the configuration.
The service jenkins status shows  /code/ although the service is up and running.
So before you bang your head on figuring out what went wrong, just check if the jenkins update has changed any configuration and whether the jenkins process is already running in the background on some other port.
Otherwise you 'll end up with your Jenkins servers becoming a major target for attackers.
Instead, integrate your Jenkins pipelines to pull secrets securely into executors only when needed, and discarded when the build/test job is done.
Whether I run this from Jenkins, or directly from the command line I get this error.
I am seeing an error while trying to execute Jenkins job.
Error Logs while building Jenkins job- .
I have Jenkins set up, connected with Gitlab, to do some deployment stuff whenever a merge request gets accepted into the development branch.
I have a really strange situation where the same command works when run manually from a Windows Server 2012 R2, but not from the Jenkins slave process running on the same server.
/pre/  The Windows servers (Jenkins slave and web server) are not part of a domain, but have the same Administrator password, which seems to make the authentication work well.
That still does n't explain why the behaviour is different between manual PowerShell and Jenkins slave.
This works fine on my local machine but I get the following error when I run it on jenkins .
/pre/  Can someone please help me understand why I have different behavior on my local machine and jenkins and how I can fix this issue without adding any additional wrapper around DynamoDBMapper .
I 'm running tests in Win10 with Jenkins, Selenium InternetExplorerDriver and TestNG and the tests should run in Interactive Services Detection window with IE11.
This is the  error I get to Jenkins console when running test: .
And a github status of context "continuous-integration/jenkins/pr-merge" always work and is related to the running status of my Jenkinsfile.
Jnlp container in Jenkins Master pod can resolve all the internal and external hosts.
Jnlp container within the Jenkins Slave pod is unable to resolve any external hosts like google.com, and internal hosts.
If we introduced a maven-alpine container within the Jenkins slave pod, the behavior is identical to jnlp within slave pod where it cannot resolve any internal or external hosts.
Stop the Jenkins windows service .
Test successfully run if i run it in Intellij Idea + maven (mvn test) BUT when i run test in jenkins i have error:  .
There are different Jenkins build job 's JSON blob entries (each having different JSON structures, parameters etc) in a single JenkinsJobsBuild collection in MongoDB.
Jenkins job 's RestAPI data) that I had in MongoDB database.
As my JSON structure was all unstructured (Jenkins version bumps/upgrades happened in past and the data about a job was not the same structure), I tried this final /code/ trick (as JSON data per entry was in each individual line).
If I call /code/ inside some @Test, I get proper Jenkins Job URL but if I make call to same method in /code/ I get /code/ why?
Now, on my windows7 machine, I am able to access the jenkins page by hitting the url /url/ (because: .
I ended up looking for the string "updates.jenkins.io" and got this match: .
In this case you run a slave on the production server, which connects to your master jenkins.
You have to add the password of the production to the jenkins credential store and pass it to the copy command .
The Jenkins master shows 2 linux nodes in the morning however it does not show windows slave (it just disappears and not even shown offline).
/pre/  However I am having some problems in generating ARA report while executing the same job via Jenkins.
You ran into Jenkins cautiously blocking one of the methods you called.
We have been using jenkins and github for building the applications .From last two days jenkins is unable to fetch code from git and in console i found the error is "no kex alg" .
Trying to run the default Jenkins image (or jenkinsci/jenkins) with a persistent volume mounted to /var/jenkins_home will currently fail: .
Kubernetes volumes are currently mounted with root ownership and Jenkins runs as "jenkins" by default (/url/).
Hi i configured the jenkins git to do a merge before build, but I always run into this error: .
By default, Jenkins ca n't access the internet if you are under /code/.
Network connections between  the server in which Jenkins runs and the production server is fine .
You are probably hitting the remote execution script limitation from Jenkins (security is the cause here).
/pre/  However, when running Powershell from Jenkins, a plugin by its nature, you are hitting the security-by-design limitation.
he above job creates a text file on the Jenkins server itself.
That gives you Jenkins job execution (that at this point does nothing) after each git push automatically.
In order not to make changes that will break the system, we copy the job to a "testing folder" in Jenkins, make the changes, test them to see that it is working, and than move the changes to the original job.
Jenkins seems to be cloning the Jenkinsfile from source control, copying it into /code/ and then attempt to read it back after cloning the entire repository into the build workspace at /code/.
Jenkins is not copying anything into the /code/ file.
But when I go to check the actual lines of code covered through the Jenkins UI, I get the above error "Error while reading the sourcefile!"
Getting the above error when trying to run my first test in jenkins using taurus /bzt /jmeter.
I am getting this exception, when my seed job in Jenkins runs (it failes then): .
If you intend to go this route, you will have to put the state outside of Jenkins.
From within the Jenkins container, localhost refers to that container, and not to your local Nexus.
The expected behavior is, that Jenkins will send emails to the whole team if the master branch is broken.
You can follow the below steps to avoid such issues in the future: Try to cleanup the old builds of the jobs from the filesystem (in $JENKINS_HOME/jobs).
Following the deletion, you should restart Jenkins or “Reload Configuration from Disk” (both in “Manage Jenkins”) so the links to the deleted builds will get disappeared.
/pre/  I was able to confirm that this updated the contents of "/etc/sysconfig/jenkins"  (I believe this is the CentOS/RedHat file location).
I am facing below issue when generating provisioning profiles from Jenkins pipeline script, please let me know the reason for this.
Maybe I am missing something but it looks like jenkins is not running the steps in the build image, which means I have to replicate the /code/ and potentially other commands both in the app /code/ and the /code/.
Problem: All our builds getting finished successfully on our Jenkins, However on SonarQube dashboard for each build it shows –Pending.
BUT when it comes to the freakin jenkins jobs it seems to get a bit more complicated.
I tried add a COPY instruction in my Dockerfile to copy folder &amp; files that are created when I manually create a job in Jenkins, but it seems like Jenkins does not read them for some reason, even after restarting/reloading from disk.
Nothing have changed in /var/jenkins_home/jobs/ directory...
Currently we are using Jenkins for nightly builds and make the build fail on new warnings.
However, when Jenkins detects the new warnings the code was already merged a few hours ago.
Can GitLab CI or a combination of GitLab EE and Jenkins somehow be configured to detect if a merge request introduces new warnings?
Every now and then all the Jenkins jobs that are currently running on some of my Jenkins slaves fail for the following reason: .
In Jenkins slave log I got this one: .
In case the Jenkins is triggering a build by restricting it to run on a slave or any other server (you may find it in the below setting under 'configure') .
However, if you do this, probably your jenkins server will not work.
/pre/  The SSH RSA Key is correctly working because: - I configured correctly on our Bitbucket server in order to Read/Write on that repo - I added the key into ssh-agent - I can clone and commit directly from the server where the jenkins job is executed.
Basically when /url/ gets opened in the browser NGINX should proxy the request to /url/ where Jenkins is listening.
I was facing the same problem as my wsimport command was not being picked up by Jenkins master.
It is important to point out that Jenkins user (a service account in my case) has the rights to commit directly to develop without a Pull request so it can push the tag and changes that tie with the artifact version.
Unfortunately I am on the road with no access to my backups, so I hope there is an easy solution to just get the file from the jenkins credentials manager.
I 'm working on a Jenkins pipeline (Windows master) that must run on a Linux slave agent/node.
Jenkins just keep waiting.
I 'm getting below error when trying to build Xcode workspace on Jenkins .
However, when I try to build in Jenkins I get this error.
I think the problem is Jenkins is forcing to sign pods when It does n't need to.
From the slave I can access /url/ and chrome says the cert is valid so why is jenkins complaining?
Mar 28, 2018 9:34:49 PM org.jenkinsci.remoting.engine.WorkDirManager   initializeWorkDir INFO: Using c:\Jenkins\remoting as a remoting work   directory Both error and output logs will be printed to   c:\Jenkins\remoting Exception in thread "main" java.io.IOException:   Failed to validate a server certificate.
I do run Jenkins 1.6xx with the latest JDK8 without any issue.
And I execute job in Jenkins agents, with said job needing JDK8, also without issue.
I have some code that is calling the Jenkins REST API to resume a suspended job.
a minute or so), but if I wait a few minutes before making the request to resume the job, Jenkins returns a 404 not found error.
/pre/  REST call to resume the suspended jenkins job .
If the REST request was made immediately after Jenkins paused the job, the response is: .
Here is my error on Jenkins when it tries do deploys it: .
/pre/  MongoDB server on localhost:27017 (user , pwd: same as /var/jenkins_home).
So at the moment, we have Jenkins jobs that /code/s effectively all the files in that repository, which we run whenever something changes.
This feels rather brittle - if somehow a critical breaking change made its way into that repository then running that Jenkins job could bring down all of our production sites in one fell swoop.
But Jenkins returns the following stacktrace after a build: .
What is wrong with my test that Jenkins ca n't execute it?
   I can clone and commit directly from the server where the jenkins job is executed.
When using a batch or executing scripts via eclipse scripts run fine in Firefox but when i try to do the same via Jenkins i get this error.
I am getting below error in Jenkins when trying to execute.
I want to mail the below file through Jenkins(include newlines).
This will help you to get Jenkins private keys: .
In my case - same issue in jenkins job - I had the wrong user credentials provided.
I am trying to configure the APP on a Jenkins server, but when I start the ANT task to compile, I receive this error: .
This will affect all the jobs and requires a Jenkins restart, though.
EDIT I fixed a typo pointed out in comments, but now I can run tests with command mentioned above locally and on jenkins I get the same error.
Note : AWS SAM local is successfully installed on root user.But getting error while trying it through Jenkins user .
In order to view whole jenkins env vars, Please see this url /code/.
It seem there is problem with jenkins job executor do n't reload shell permission even I 've restart jenkins with /code/ multiple times.
I am able to see the buildnumber value in Jenkins Logs but I 'm not able to harvest the logs in JTL file and Blazemeter.
I have read the documentation of Jenkins and Sonar to write and configure my pipeline and everything works except the Sonar Quality Gate which remains for the response from the Sonar without success.
When connecting Jenkins master and Jenkins agent by means of JNLP, and having a firewall in between, which port(s) do I have to declare in the firewall to be kept open?
I have restarted jenkins many times and worked fine but now it stucks.
Jenkins should not be the problem here.
I had the same issues after adding HTTPS to my jenkins.
It seems a permission problem, maybe your docker-compose.yml file (or the binary file) is readable only by jenkins user.
But while running from Jenkins it is showing that some dependencies are missing.
But I have set it up on Jenkins and receive the error:  .
However, for some reason I ca n't seem to get the same thing working in Openshift Jenkins.
I 'm guessing the first thing I 'd need is the jenkins-persistent pod and not the Jenkins-ephemeral pod, in order to ensure that the pod is always running?
Problem: Since couple of days one of my tests started to failing on Jenkins with following error: "WebDriverError: unknown error: unknown session" - locally it 's working without any problem.
However, after we just changed the credentials, Jenkins report error message when try to build with parameters: P4: Unable to setup workspace: com.perforce.p4java.exception.RequestException: Error in client specification.
Mapping '///test/Ranorex/RxProject/...' is not under '///...'./url/ The weird thing is that after we change the credentials with a specific account, Jenkins can be build successfully.
I 'm working with Jenkins that runs on a server.
The problem is: if a user rapidly pushes 2 times on GitHub, my Jenkins pipeline is triggered twice and performs "neo deploy-mta" 2 times.
So far, I mostly avoided calling /code/ from an /code/ step, because that would bring me close to throwing away any and all Jenkins-Git-integration.
I have created credentials that point to a private key file in Jenkins master ~/.ssh.
I 'm still fairly new to Jenkins - am I missing something obvious?
It runs successfully when i run script through Powershell exe but gives error when run through Jenkins.
/pre/  Error display in Jenkins Console : .
I 'm trying to get a Groovy script that runs as a post-build step in a Jenkins job to access an injected variable but it keeps getting null.
/pre/  Now i can access jenkins UI in my browser without any problems.
My issue I came into situation in which need to restart jenkins service manually??
The proxy server could not handle the request GET /jenkins/.
Just /code/ - Will delete all pods with this label (your jenkins containers).
I need to get tfs changeset files (I have accomplished this) and also whether it was added or deleted using the groovy plugin on jenkins server.
In my Jenkins console during the build I can see it change to the version without the snapshot, but then it changes back?
For example: /code/ if no response then try /code/ if no response there, then I 'd take a look and see if Jenkins is configured properly.
I also see no logs anywhere for this, not on the slave or the master, how do I know what jenkins is even trying to do?
Everything is running file when I run from visual studio but getting issue in file path then run via jenkins.
My recent build on jenkins is failed with error : .
Can someone help me to solve an issue "process leaked file descriptors jenkins"?
I 've never seen it to get Jenkin 's config file (the one in JENKINS_HOME).
/pre/  I would like to know how to force Jenkins to keep running the build even, for example, if /code/ fails.
Everything builds fine when I compile it locally but on Jenkins it reports this problem and then it fail on all the getters and setter which I replaced with /code/ anotation.
Then also open port 8888 so the jenkins server could redirect to that jnlp port.
I was making a jnlp connection directly to that open port, the problem was I needed to connect to the jenkins server and let the server setup that jnlp connection .
We are in the process of moving our build system over to Jenkins or at least seeing if it is viable.
I am trying to start Jenkins on Ubuntu Linux When I write in my address line /url/ chrome writes that "website cant be reach" .
When I run the integration tests locally it works, but when run on my Jenkins server I get an error saying there is no /code/ variable.
302 is a redirect code - Jenkins is sending you from /code/ (without trailing slash) to /code/ (with trailing slash).
I have a Jenkins job that executes android CTS tests, the results of which are located in a subdirectory, ie android-cts/repository/results/ .
In theory, every shell Jenkins calls should read this resource file.
In practice, I must restart Jenkins after making changes to the shell resource file.
I am getting below error when trying to access jenkins pipeline url.
However, I want the ongoing Jenkins builds to automatically abort when there is an update to the Pull Request.
Maven, triggered by Jenkins, downloads the /code/ as part of its normal execution.
Make sure that there is no firewall involved blocking these connections or configure Jenkins to use a local artifact repository (like Nexus or Artifactory).
However, after the jenkins shows BUILD SUCCESS, it "Waiting for Jenkins to finish collecting data" then displays:  .
"ERROR: Failed to parse POMs java.nio.file.NoSuchFileException: /Users/username/.jenkins/workspace/UI-Automation-Job/Users/username/eclipse-workspace/ui-test/pom.xml" .
From there, an SCM process from your Jenkins, as long as said Jenkins runs with your account, should work.
Build Job for war file on Jenkins in failing, it giving error message: .
Please help with resolving this issue how to get a successful build for my Jenkins job on tomcat.
I was seeing the /code/ aka /code/ issue 100% of the time in a Cucumber test running in a Jenkins build env after the docker selenium/standalone-chrome image was updated in late Jan 2018.
I have other JSON blob entries which are different in structure, objects within the JSON from different Jenkins jobs, type of jobs, no.
I 'm trying to add a dependency to my seed job, but no matter what I try, I always get the exception in Jenkins that it ca n't find the classes that I import in my groovy job.
Any idea on how I can somehow get jenkins to get a hold of that dependency when trying to execute that seed job?
I 've set up a job in Jenkins that runs ant, it gives this error: .
I assume you run your build directly on the Jenkins master of your container (no slave).
Given you are able successfully run your test in Jenkins and getting .jtl file somewhere in the /url/ you can "feed" the .jtl results file to /url/ which automatically analyses .jtl files, publishes performance trend charts, etc.
Need to update prep-scripts to ensure that that /etc/sysconfig/jenkins 's includes -Djava.io.tmpdir=$JENKINS_HOME/tmp in its JENKINS_JAVA_OPTIONS var-declare and ensure that a Jenkins-owned ${JENKINS_HOME}/tmp actually exists.
I have already found inside post-build actions in Jenkins job configuration that you can make post of a build status result to a given merge request.
Any pointers on how to configure this for my agent/slave; whether it is in the jenkins node configuration or on the machine itself?
I am continuously getting below error on a redirected page whenever I go into the configuration tab of any jenkins job.
After running the build successfully in Jenkins(I get a blue bubble) it notifies Bitbucket about the build status and receives a successful response.
On the jenkins, I get this error.
/pre/  But Jenkins does not support this sort of syntax, giving me error message:  .
Scripts are automatically invoking in the machine without my intention and I 'm not sure if this is possible due to any wrong configuration between Maven and Jenkins.
The issue I 'm running into is connecting Jenkins to Gitea.
/pre/  But it seemed Jenkins was unable to connect saying that I need a valid URL.
I already verified that the Jenkins container can see the Gitea container and that they are joined on the same network.
I believe this would be the key to solving the Jenkins issue as well.
I got this error /code/ while running this regex inside a jenkins pipeline  .
I think a fix is out for it in Jenkins 2.112 based on the comments on the issue, but for now, you can change /code/ from: .
Jenkins SECURITY-248 states that I should "Disable the visualization of Injected Environment variables in the global configuration."
[Jenkins console log / job log (displayed in the Jenkins Admin UI "Console Output")] .
[Jenkins error log (C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\jenkins.err.log)] .
It appears that the Jenkins UI has changed over time.
Fill in the IP or hostname of the remote Jenkins instance in "Includes" .
I need to be able to detect if a file checked into Jenkins was either added or deleted.
/pre/  I get no error when I use my Jenkins.
In Jenkins issues there are many /url/ related to /code/.
I am getting the Build: SUCCESS message on jenkins Console output, but not the detailed result like Iterations, executed vs failed etc.
This part works fine but what to do now to perform (note that Jenkins server and the server on which node js is running as well as gitlab repo are all remote to each other): .
Do I need to setup private/public keypair on server running jenkins so that jenkins server can do scp to copy file to remote server running node app?
How can I migrate users to old Jenkins server to new server?
This means that for example a MongoDB or Jenkins deployment recreates all containers and loses all data with every run of the CI pipeline.
Here is the error message I 'm receiving from jenkins when the post build task runs -  .
So now the only trigger set for Jenkins is to poll SCM every 5 minutes.
Running on GitHub Enterprise I have a small Jenkins job that looks for pull-request comments and triggers a script depending on the message.
If I execute it in Jenkins Script console it displays the output correctly... /url/ .
Some services via Jenkins succeed, but others fail with this log error.
/pre/  You will be able to upload artifact to nexus, only if the host is reachable from within the Jenkins container.
But when i try to do the same in Jenkins as i have to setup CI environment it gives following error.
But when the same test is executed from Jenkins, it seems the tests are executed on all the rows, including the unselected rows.
When I type into my Browser myIp/jenkins it get redirect to /url/ which results in a 404 .
When I change the location in nginx "location /jenkins/ {" just to "/" it works like a charm.
/pre/  When I do this I can access the jenkins dashboar with myIp/jenkis.
The odd thing is that on a different Jenkins system, when I ran the same command, it added it to the pending script approvals, and I was able to use it just fine.
If I type jenkins.example.com in the browser nothing happends.
/pre/  Jenkins will change ports and restart.And run without any errors.
Load jenkins from your browser: .
/pre/  Also this error sometimes occurs when you have not completed the full installation of jenkins.At the point where jenkins chooses a random browser to continue with installation,just follow along and use the browser its chosen to open and complete the installation following the screen prompts.Once installation is completed,you have the freedom to use whatever browser you see fit.
And it works perfect, but I have no idea how to load it to jenkins when executing ./gradlew appengineDeploy.
Previously jenkins was showing allowing remote option as a security warning.
In some environments, such as our Jenkins server, and even sometimes on developer machines, if this one specific project is cloned from the git repo and then a maven build is run on it the build fails, prints a massive recursive stacktrace and throws a stackoverlow error.
So, is it possible to run only particular runner file from Jenkins?
When the blazemeter test finishes, I am downloading the JTL file on the Jenkins machine.
The problem I am facing is that every time Jenkins makes a folder with a unique alphanumeric value which cannot be ascertained during the run to write another job to copy the jtl file from the folder to other location.
In the Jenkins Console Log I get the below text  .
When I am deploying a web application on Tomcat by using Jenkins, I am facing a problem related to context path.
Jenkins always return error that "ant ca n't create task or type p4Change".
/pre/  In my machine this works well but in Jenkins when I execute the batch command it fails giving the error mention above.
I am working on automating a silverlight application and executing it from jenkins.
Because of this, Maven uses Remoting and other Jenkins core classes,   and this behavior may break an update .
There is a known Jenkins issue, where REST calls to resume a paused job can fail, if the input step ID does not begin with an uppercase letter.
I also enabled /code/ in jenkins which will likely prevent this in the future.
Big projects usually build and run tests on a CI server (like TeamCity or Jenkins), the CI server might be running on a headless cloud server (that is, without a real monitor, nor a GUI), so not able to run Chrome or Firefox to run karma tests inside.
You are trying to access it from another server which is not whitelisted from the jenkins master server ,i.e it is not allowed access.
In my jenkins job, I 'm getting this error for my bot user.
Keep the /code/ to Medium in your gradle configuration but, set the failure level on Jenkins to High.
If this error comes in /code/, then you need to set the path of JAVA_HOME in Jenkins.
I am facing an issue on my client machine, when i store stringify data in hiddenfield of jenkins and look in config.xml it is different on my side and my client side.
/pre/  Jenkins however gives me the following error .
wrapper script does not seem to be touching the log file in   /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/Angular CI@tmp/durable-f993c6f2   (JENKINS-48300: if on a laggy filesystem, consider   -Dorg.jenkinsci.plugins.durabletask.BourneShellScript.HEARTBEAT_CHECK_INTERVAL=300) .
I can see the yaml file for this in the kubernetes dashboard, however when I try to change it I get - PersistentVolumeClaim "jenkins-x-nexus" is invalid: spec: Forbidden: field is immutable after creation .
If I run the test from cmd or Jenkins I get the following error: Error: Could not find or load main class org.testng.TestNG  .
However, when I trigger the Jenkins build, I get the following error: .
/pre/  Jenkins works fine.
I 'm trying to set up a Windows slave for our Jenkins server, but some of the unit tests are failing due to a sqlite error.
UPDATE: I 'm still getting this error on Jenkins and now on my dev machine too.
Error: You must authenticate to access this Jenkins .
The Jenkins job returned the proper branch name: .
I have tried to find this log message in Jenkins core but I have not found it, so I suspect it is some plugin.
Jenkins still sends emails to the former adresses.
I am having issues running this job with Jenkins.
The Jenkins is running as "System" process.
If Jenkins is run as "userA" will notepad be launched as "userA" process and will be displayed on desktop ?
Incidentally, I 'm also going to be using Gitlab for CI/CD instead of Jenkins (due to organizational reasons out of my control), but the jump from Jenkins to Gitlab seems straight-forward to me -- certainly moreso than the jump from deploying WARs directly to deploying Dockerized containers.
That means the Jenkins master machine where Git is installed has a credential manager (here, the /url/) which attempts to cache the credentials.
type the /code/ command manually on that server (using the account which executes Jenkins), and cache the username/password there .
If an HTTP proxy sits between your browser client and your Jenkins server and you receive a 403 response when submitting a form to Jenkins, checking this option may help.
While staying with Java 8, wiping the current workspace on Jenkins got rid of the error for me.
(For those who are running into this error message while working with Jenkins, there is a more recent and /url/ using Unity 2017.1) .
However, the following example pipeline never triggers the vSphere plugin (based on tailing the Jenkins log): .
/pre/  BUT Jenkins returned error in line .
I see how this pass/fail will set build status in jenkins.
I do n't see how detailed test results get integrated back into jenkins.
When I run them locally on terminal, they work perfectly, but when I run them from jenkins, they fail.
Step 1 : I trigger the job in Jenkins Step 2 : ChromeDriver in the slave machine is invoked and my tests are running Step 3 : I see some tests are failing because of some exception from the console output of Jenkins Build and ABORT the build Step 4 : I fix the issue and running the Jenkins Job again.
Expected : Jenkins job should start running the tests Actual : I get an exception saying  .
I assume that your XPath expressions are correct and you can manually open the browser on the Jenkins /url/ machine.
This could happen if you have installed Jenkins on the slave machine as windows service.
I am trying to install jenkins 2.89.4-1.1 version of jenkins on a Centos 7.4 server but my installation fails with the below error, j .
The test works locally but fails intermittently in Jenkins CI job with "Advice precedence circularity error" .
But the unit test is failing intermittently (sometimes passes, sometimes fails) in our Jenkins CI job.
/pre/  However, when I push to my repository, Jenkins on next running the job spots these changes, pulls them down but then reports back 'No changes' and so the job stops.
However, even putting a hook in Mercurial configuration in Jenkins such that it does update after pulling does not fix the issue.
Jenkins still reports 'No changes' after the checkout step.
If the Jenkins URL is the same for the new and the old server try to login by IP.
I saw same error on my jenkins server then i fixed it by correcting the path.
Get jenkins Password from:-   vi /var/lib/jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword Browse:- eg:  192.168.xx.xx:8080 .
The username might be different (if your Jenkins server/agent runs with another account).
I had the same issue here running a Jenkins slave on Windows 7 in a virtual machine.
Getting the below error when running a Selenium Webdriver Java testng project through Jenkins.
Checking out from the git repo on the command line as user jenkins also works without any issues.
I tried slash command in Slack, but when slack is trying to reach the Jenkins URL error is returned since its not accessible in internet.
An example would be to trigger Jenkins with a Github webhook when something gets merged into master.
But if I kick off the test via Jenkins or CLI I get the result: Total tests run: 0, Failures: 0, Skips: 0 .
When I try to run the image using the below Jenkins file.
   What to do now to perform (note that Jenkins server and the server on which node js is running as well as gitlab repo are all remote to each other): .
I create ssh key inside Jenkins container and set it to GitLab, but when Jenkins try to checkout the repository throws "Permission Denied".
The problem, after add a webhook with Jenkins URL to GitLab, push something but nothing happens in Jenkins, not trigger the job.
My Jenkins build is failing due to below error.
I have migrated data between Jenkins servers using /url/ plugin.
There is a gotcha with this: Your bind mount would be relative to host filesystem not the jenkins containers filesystem, thus I recommend having /code/ a bind mount rather than a named volume, and having the bind mount in the same path on the host and in the container, as jenkins will generate path to files relative to workspace (which is within jenkins_home usually).
/pre/  While saving those changes, I am getting following error in Jenkins .
If yes, these are the log rotation strategy logs thats gets executed through AsyncPeriodicWork  class and it is configured in Jenkins specifically for discarding Old Builds.
/pre/  Temporarily (just for the current run -- not sure how this fits in Jenkins): .
I got this working, and was successfully able to run /code/ commands through an executed shell via Jenkins.
Login to jenkins in /code/ address.
Login to jenkins in /code/ address.
In additional to the information above I 've also found how to get Jenkins-Crumb with /code/ from this /url/ .
/pre/  Now if you want to pull that docker images in jenkins so give pull path with dns as we pull some thing from docker registry its contain full name with dns.
The Jenkins instance is already waiting until there is no build running.
Although I get the Performance report in Jenkins but I am not getting an html file generated in the workspace which I can send in the email body as report.
I 'm getting following error when building the net code(using Jenkins) on the server: .
Whenever a new Pull request is created a jenkins job should be triggered.
After save this setting, then upload project to the Jenkins server to check if it works.
when we consider master slave Jenkins architecture, we are facing issue with maven clean, developer asking to clean .m2 repository every time before build, but i think this will cause build failure for other builds running on same slave.
I am generating both sets of XML files in same directory in my jenkins job, I have used junit plugin (Publish JUnit test result report) to publish report.
So, now, after the job completes, 9 xmls are generated from unit tests and 2 XMLs are generated by jasmine-reporter, so as stated below from my jenkins job console output, it is able to recognize that there are 11 xml files from the pattern I have specified in job config.
/pre/  But, problem is, when i click on "Test Result" link from jenkins job UI, it only shows all tests related to xml generated by unit test, and it does n't show any result related to XML which was generated from jasmine report.
Need help to know why jenkins is not showing any test result related to jasmine XML.
Below is a sample XML generated by unit test (which jenkins is showing in ui, when test result link is clicked).
/pre/  Below is a sample XML generated by jasmine junit xml reporter (result of this is not shown by jenkins in it 's UI, when clicking test result link) .
If I call the script mainScript.sh via an external job (a /code/ connection opened on the server via a Jenkins job), the /code/ returns nothing and takes 0 seconds, meaning it does n't even try to execute itself.
We 're having problems with huge amounts of build on our Jenkins server.
I got this tutorial which explains how to use ECS to run jenkins master and slave on ECS .
you do not need to clean .m2 manually and there is no limitation (apart from server hardware ofc) stops you on jenkins master/slaves .
Therefore, I tried to downgrade the npm version in the problematic jenkins slave to 3.10.10 , and the publish ran successfully.
This is the issue with every Jenkins REST API.
I 'm trying to change the commit status for a build in Jenkins (I get the sha as parameter build).
We are moving from Jenkins to TeamCity and the test reporting does n't work as expected when tests pass during the re-run.
In Jenkins we were using jasmineReporters.JUnitXmlReporter, which showed the correct results as the failed test xml would be overwritten by the successful one.
When Jenkins processes the xml files to report, it is using the most recent ones.
I am trying to upload files using Jenkins to Azure blob storage while uploading files AZCopy asks for confirmation which ends up in error.
Why Jenkins wo n't be able to perform copy-item which destination is a shared folder.
Jenkins ca n't recognize the path, it returns false when I test-path it but with my local machine the path is correct.
The analysis works fine, the communication from Jenkins to SonarQube is okay.
I have used the configured Url to trigger the webhook manually using curl from the sonarqube server (I have manipulated the payload and added the related taskId which has been created by the build job in jenkins).
In which Jenkins and SonarQube logfiles can I find detailed information about the webhook request/response?
Unfortunately this is a maven Issue not a Jenkins issue :) .
But then when I run the script from jenkins I get the error as, ERROR: Step ‘Publish JUnit test result report’ failed: No test report files were found.
If Jenkins is not running what you 'd expect, I would look at ensuring you have properly committed your changes ready for Jenkins to pick up.
Is there any plugin in Jenkins for distributing api tests to slave machines in distributed fashion and returning back the results to the master?
I have a private Github repository and I receive the push events for all my branches into my pipeline of Jenkins 2.89.4. .
You 'll need to have a publicly-accessible IP, at the very least, so that Jenkins can receive incoming webhooks.
I know the error, but do n't want to include this file to remote repository and Jenkins connect to my remote repository to build, but without this file.
I have a Jenkins job where some parameters are optional but if they are changed they can fail the job almost instantly.
I am running an automation script through Jenkins where the console gives html image tag containing image but currently the Jenkins console output is not displaying the images in the console output.
But when I changed the configuration so that it 's done in YAML, the job attempts to pull an image named "jenkins/jnlp-slave:alpine" instead of the one I specify and times out because my cluster does n't have access to the internet (index.docker...).
How can I prevent this behavior in Jenkins?
Let 's first clearify, in git to have build for every commit , you first need to create a hook or something similar which will push the commit to branch, otherwise the commit is not accessible from jenkins server unless you do not run jenkins on every developer machine or have dockerized jenkinses.
but on jenkins I got this error: .
Jenkins no seems to "randomly" pick an old commit for the build an showing the message "Multiple candidate revisions" in Build log files.
/pre/  Log file from Jenkins shows: .
/pre/  In the log file I can see that Jenkins is using the old revision 301c954e576bd3f03ef787563f159d541cb6e8d2 from release/0.0.1 instead of the new remote 88be7349bd7b6ddb0654325e6b07cf1da2f8a35b from refs/remotes/origin/release/0.0.1.
All unit test cases ran fine on Visual Studio 2017 enterprise edition, but when I created Jenkins for the Unit test, some of tests are executed and in middle the build fails saying: .
/pre/  And this error I will get in Jenkins: .
Getting error in Jenkins, while building the project.These are following error "The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process."
C:\Jenkins\toto>call $tagCommand  '$tagCommand' is not recognized   as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file.
C:\Jenkins\toto>call $pushCommand  '$pushCommand' is not   recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or   batch file.
The problem: The repo is taking too long to pull/fetch down via Jenkins, via the GitSCM plugin.
All Jenkins servers have common nfs share.
This is a jenkins bug.
This wo n't affect script execution and wo n't require you to remember removing that stupid UI block every time you update your jenkins job config.
i have a kubernetes cluster of 2 machines  on bare metal machines on which master machine  contains the docker image which i want to deploy only on slave node, but i dont want to use the cloud repository for image storage,i am building docker image from jenkins job which runs on master machine, if i use docker image from dockerhub the deployment works fine, but it gives me an error while deploying on slave node when image is in master machine,  .
When compiling for Delphi itself does not give a problem, now when I run by jenkins it gives the following problem ... .
But when I run my jenkins job I am getting below error .
I am getting the following error after i copied Jenkins war file under (/code/) and restarted the service .
Are you sure the problem is on jenkins side and not inside your ant task?
Finally, the issue is not related IOS, its with Jenkins master slave connectivity.
/pre/  But when executed in Jenkins It shows the following error: .
Problem is with Jenkins as from console it executes successfully with this command.
The results[log.html and report.html] of the Jenkins are getting displayed properly.
Following error log is from Jenkins console: .
Enter the Proxy server information, once updated Jenkins will be able to download and update the plugins.
Right now I have configured a global variable called TimeStamp in Jenkins Configure.
this job did not worked as I had an issue tells that jenkins does not trusted the self signed certificate used by the gitlab server  .
Plus, the timeout in Jenkins can be raised.
I 'm trying to run a jenkins job, that fails due to: /code/ When running this line: /code/ .
/pre/  My issue rather seems to be one with Jenkins and its Maven plugin which does not pass the set properties along to the test cases :-/ .
This script works perfectly on my local machine, but fails in Jenkins.
I have a jenkins job that builds an iOS app and runs a test script which posts the results into an xml file using xcpretty.
But when I run the exact same tests inside a docker image (used on jenkins), the tests do not run through.
Copy Jenkins generated .xml file into another path .
Although the code compiles and runs perfectly fine in Eclipse, it gives error while running through a CI job (Jenkins).
After I deployed my project with Jenkins,my $CATALINA_BASE/conf/Catalina/localhost/{projectname}.xml was deleted which the file the database connection information are stored !!!
First of all Setup a Jenkins server with good and updated configuration.
It will be quick and do n't need the restart of your jenkins.
(In your case, these directories would be on your Jenkins server, in the /code/ account home.)
During the test, there are files downloaded and I would like to be able to access those files in the jenkins workspace, during execution.
Is there something I 'm missing regarding how to do this for jenkins workspace?
We will deploy Jenkins to our cluster and store the jenkins_home directory in the PersistentVolume so that our instance can survive pod and node failures.
The idea here is to self test changes, including changes to the jenkins pipeline groovy scripts, which are stored in git.
I 've got a Jenkins job which is running a docker image containing a node runtime.
I am now attaching the console output of my python scripts and send the mail in jenkins.The recipient gets an link to open the console output  .
What is Jenkins file and How we will write?
In your /code/ output you can see that the jenkins container is listening on /code/ but this is not publish on the host.
For me the problem was that BitBucket was using all lower case git url but jenkins was internally using the url with parts in the original case and therefore it found not machting project.
/pre/  Make ensure Jenkins can access all the files  .
You need to tell Jenkins to "Reload Configuration from Disk".
Is it possible to print out contents from a jenkins folder e.g.
I was trying to setup Jenkins web app inside the Tomcat server and it continuously gave me this error: .
SEVERE: Failed to initialize Jenkins hudson.util.NoHomeDir .
/pre/  On redeploying Jenkins I again noticed the following error: .
WARNING: Failed to record boot attempts java.io.FileNotFoundException:   /usr/share/tomcat7/.jenkins/failed-boot-attempts.txt (Permission   denied) .
/pre/  There were no changes made to the call in the pipeline nor to the general settings in Jenkins - the url and credentials are correct and "Test Connection" is successful.
A somewhat related problem email script developers may encounter is that they do not have permission to access some build result data structures, eg out of the box Jenkins does not give permission to call something like 'getTestResultAction().
I 'm using AWS ELB to expose pods and its causing a csrf exception in the crumb, and I also get a reverse proxy warning sometimes when I goto manage Jenkins.
"Reboot-Check-Slave-Online", in this job, you should call the 1st job and pass the target slave name as parameter, plus, you 'd better write some logic to determine whether your slave finished the restarting and connected to Jenkins server again, you can implement it by adding an "Execute system groovy script" step in your job and write below code: .
Now going to /url/ loads the "Unlock Jenkins" page.
After editing/appending the file , restart Jenkins.
But when I put the same thing into Jenkins pipeline script using Batch plugin, I get the next error .
Create a job in Jenkins that takes the credentials and writes them to output.
I am getting the following error while I deploy to Nexus from Jenkins: .
Error message in Jenkins Console Output: .
However from Jenkins, I am getting this error.
Facing a problem when running my scripts in Jenkins , noticed that the key press events for e.g .
/pre/  Are not working when scripts are executed using Jenkins service.This works fine on my local.
Did any one came across this kind of problem when executing scripts using jenkins service on window machine ?
/pre/  As you see that theres a lot of repetition of the below code which helps me fail the jenkins job by throwing the error code 1: .
The Problem is If I add id_rsa and id_rsa.pub file inside .ssh directory of jenkins to access git server(server D) at the same time I ca n't access other server like server B for deployment via SSH connection.
Or can we add multiple key for ssh connection so that it can access to both server, server D for git clone and server B for copying the script file from jenkins server to server B. .
I faced this issue once when I was working with /code/ in Jenkins.
Opening Jenkins page on incognito mode temporarily solves the issue .
/pre/  but jenkins kicks out the following error: .
I 'm encountered a problem when using Jenkins+SonarQube.I added "Execute SonarQube Scanner" in Jenkins Post Steps, sure about it will work fine becuase other projects go smoothly.But today the process failed for serveral times i check the console output found that analysis stuck on one file wont proceed ,just like :           .
I have a Jenkins instance from which I need to call other services/endpoints which reside behind a load balancer.
Jenkins call ---present_SSL_client_cert---> LB(verify client cert) ---> endpoint .
While executing a job in jenkins, sometimes this Exception occurs.
/pre/  I already tried to filter some packets from the Jenkins server with /code/ listening on port /code/ but no results there.
Then only Jenkins can get the updated environment variables.
I am not having any issues when running in Eclipse, but when I attempt to run an ANT build within Jenkins I get the following: .
That seems to point to this being the only issue in the way of running locally using Jenkins.
The aborted status will be setted at /code/ or /code/, according to the issue from Jenkins official Jira issue ( /url/ ): .
This has a bit of a bad smell imho - it 's unwieldly, clutters up Jenkins, and is hard to explain.
This only works from the Jenkins console, and not from the actual scripts that out put to your console Output .
Now when I ran similar command as above one to generate a unified report by merging both reports I got in Jenkins - just the execution trend is been populated - but the total number of tests and its details are not as you can see below.
The issue occurred as I was passing my Nexus Repository URL as system variable in jenkins for maven deploy command as follows: .
However, when we are executing the same script from Jenkins job execute shell its not asking/waiting for the user input when there is a failure to proceed further or not and throwing the following EOF error and exiting the deployment program in middle.
The error message /code/ means that mvn command could not be found by Jenkins pipeline.
For now we will be disabling CSRF in Jenkins and going with #4 above.
I am trying to avoid using /code/ because I will have to write to disk and then run the command and I am afraid this will cause issues in a Jenkins environment with multiple deploys to multiple projects taking place.
I do n't know if the problem is related to jenkins, java or apache.
But since i did a server reboot my jenkins.example.com returns a 503 service unavailable.
While restarting jenkins I was able to see the default installation page of jenkins but it returned a 503 a few seconds later.
Only jenkins seemed to crash.
Now under the new server, even if I reboot the server, jenkins will show up under jenkins.example.com .
/pre/  Jenkins is at 2.107.1, but prior 2.89.4 had the same issue.
This happens only when I trigger the job in Jenkins, if I test the dependency locally by running a test or two, it is working as expected.
Owner should be Jenkins in your case .
localhost sshd[36601]: User jenkins from xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx not allowed because not listed in AllowUsers .
The problem is sometimes the jenkins is not able to send the email and logs an message "An attempt to send an e-mail to empty list of recipients, ignored" and sometimes it works fine.
I 'm trying to use the below from Jenkins pipeline script, and getting an error.
Still, your luck not helped Post Jenkins console log here.
Jenkins always adds /code/ and /code/ endings to the names of the variables.
/pre/  If you get /code/ (four asterisks) as output, it 's ok - Jenkins automatically masks usernames and passwords in the console output.
I 'm getting some weird behaviour with my Windows slave being suspended after I rebooted the slave Azure VM (maintenance) and the suspended status not being removed when the slave is back up and running, and connected successfully to Jenkins.
I 've replicated this 3 times - with each VM I 've been installing extra software manually, which requires a reboot, but after the reboot any build job I schedule hangs with the message "Waiting for next available executor on windows", the slave node shows as online in Jenkins but has "(suspended)" next to it, then eventually the Azure VM Agents plugin just creates a new VM and runs the build on that.
After having my slaves powered down over the weekend I started them in Azure then once connected in Jenkins (but saying suspended) I started a build job - result was that after a long delay it created another Windows slave machine to run the job on.
Outside Jenkins, the library works fine.
"Launch slaves via execution of command on the master and let Jenkins control this Windows slave as a Windows service" .
/pre/  Jenkins should detect the error and set-up the build as failed.
I configured the Sonar credentials(with acces Token) on Jenkins, but i when run SonarScanner I 'm getting the following error by SonarScaner on Jenkins: .
Problem is that we DONT REMOVE feature branches after merging to main branch(master) - therefore Jenkins still indexing them.
Then give Jenkins a token that will be required when triggering the build.
A problem with triggering the builds remotely is, if you 've set up Jenkins right and disabled anonymous user access, you will get /code/ errors when you try to trigger the build from a script (as @keocra pointed out).
/pre/  Where /code/ is the URL to your Jenkins instance, /code/ is the name of your job, and /code/ is the token you entered under Trigger bulids remotely.
I have a jenkins build that needs to get the filenames for all files checked in within a changeset.
How do I get PRs in Bitbucket server to receive success/failure of builds from Jenkins?
It gives following error.Image show how do I have sonar configured in jenkins and the job step where it fails.
As I have many Jenkins jobs, it is soon going to be clutterd on the perforce server with so many workspaces.
i am facing an issue with my jenkins server, i tried installing slack plugin on jenkins and ended up facing certain issues which prevent me from triggering a job.
I assume that once build is aborted, the AutoStart.exe will get killed by jenkins and I write the logic for killing the child exe 's in the exit event(taken from /url/) of AutoStart.exe.
Anyone knows what exactly happens to an exe in the windows batch command once jenkins is aborted or build is completed?
I have a case: I want to load a branch with last commit, I mean next, In my bitbucked repo I have many branches, and after developer adds his push commit in [branch-1] webhooks send to Jenkins notificate and updated branch name.
Because of some group policy changes made to the server where I run Jenkins, I started running Jenkins as windows Service (Allow Service to interact with Desktop is checked).
when I run the same code by stopping Jenkins service and starting using command prompt, it works fine.
But Just not in Jenkins which runs as windows service.
/pre/  Is this an issue with Jenkins running as service?
I am trying to configure Jenkins to store the data related to the status , start, end time of the jobs build into the MSSQL server database.
I need to configure jenkins to insert the same data to another Database inaddition to the above database.
I 've got everything set up so that at any given moment there is a Jenkins master running on a single server and slaves running on every other server on the swarm.
When one server gets terminated another is spun up and replaces it, and eventually Jenkins is back up running again on another machine even if its server was stopped, and slaves get replaced as they die.
My first one is when the Jenkins master dies and comes back online it tries to resume the jobs that were previously running and they end up getting stuck trying to be built.
Is there any way to automatically have Jenkins restart jobs that were interrupted instead of trying to resume them?
At the end of the build, I have Jenkins scrape the console log and collect the number and type of compiler warnings.
the following error was in the jenkins console output .
Jenkins job is getting stuck at below location after authentication realm: .
Now under the new server, even if I reboot the server, jenkins will show up under jenkins.example.com .
How to make Jenkins archive the real content of the file which the softlink points to.
But have problems to run with Jenkins.
Now, Jenkins errors out when attempting to set the Conan user for our repo: .
/pre/  This behavior is not limited to Jenkins access; it is also happening when regular users attempt to access the Artifactory Conan repo, but we can get around it by adding the remote repo with Verify_SSL as False (at the end of the following command): .
The Jenkins that we use for ETL automation stopped its service and then  restarted it using command prompt.
But in System log file of Jenkins I can see only today 's log.
I had the problem on our hudson / jenkins CI environment which complained about changes in the /code/ .
 I have java program in jenkins, program get some data and save to txt file.
How configure jenkins to save java output (System.output) to some txt file, or send another server ftp.
Both the Jenkins master and slave are running on Windows.
I recently downloaded jenkins for mac and upon setting it up in local host I clicked the wrong button and it gave the username admin and I do n't know what the password is.
I have this task in my playbook to get the status of passed jenkins jobs .
Assuming you have jenkins' home as a local volume: .
After upgrading from Jenkins 1.x to 2.x I never cleared the remote root directory of the slaves (in my case c:\jenkins).
I finally figured out my problem after numerous grey hair: Once I removed the contents from that directory, and installed the jenkins slave as a windows service, the contents were repopulated and the slave connected as expected.
If you are using a linux machine logs will be in /var/log/jenkins/jenkins.log unless you have set customized location.
I think some steps are missing as when I start the new Jenkins, it 's status is active(exited).
when i try to run this script using shell command in jenkins - /code/, I am getting the below error.
I want the Jenkins build to fail if the tests will fail and I want the build to pass if all tests will pass.
I need to know how to  bubble up / handle errors on docker containers to a jenkins in the host machine, what is the best approach?
If this script fail with exit code 1 I need that Jenkins fail the build.
But its not working properly in jenkins.
But now I found that I do not only run the tests locally but also on another machine like a Jenkins where the database port is located at 5500. .
I somehow tell Jenkins to run my pipeline in separation (separate JVM, separate classloader, etc.)
Are Jenkins agents very slow or am I missing sth?
What I understand of mounting from host to container is mounting the content of the Jenkins Workspace inside the container.
i am trying to run docker file from jenkins pipeline, but getting following error: .
My Error logs on Jenkins for one of my failed test is:  .
The issue is, when I run the docker container locally, selenium is able to find the display but when I run the docker container on Jenkins it 's giving "GDK_BACKEND does not match available displays"  .
I am guessing your slave machine running the test has jenkins services installed as services.
The parent class and package are reported by Test results analyzer Jenkins plugin as passed even though if they are only composed by skipped testcases .
[workspace] $ /bin/sh /tmp/jenkins72443737290339703.sh channel stopped   /bin/bash stty: when specifying an output style, modes may not be set   /usr/lib/node_modules/anypoint-cli/node_modules/readline-sync/lib/read.sh:   line 48: /dev/tty: No such device or address stty: standard input:   Inappropriate ioctl for device Build step 'Execute shell' marked build   as failure Finished: FAILURE .
This works fine for /code/ steps were I can redirect stdout and stderr but how can I do something similar for a jenkins pipeline step?
I see the error in the Jenkins output.
Here is the Jenkins console error output : .
Maybe it 's enough when you click on "Manage Jenkins" -> "Reload Configuration from disk".
It is not cause of Jenkins itself but cause of environment and resources, obviously you have written tests shaped for your dev env and as you said you have delays, be aware that same code in different env will require different delays.
I am intermittently getting a 302 response when I try to trigger a job on a remote Jenkins server, we are not able to rely on this trigger because when we get the 302 code the job is not triggered .
I already have the Jenkins job integrated with /code/ successfully and it is pulling the changes from /code/ server and doing the build.
I 'm currently trying to setup Jenkins to run MATLAB Tests and I have troubles getting output sometimes.
How can I make MATLAB return with an error code to Jenkins if an error occurs?
I 've got it working on my local system but it fails on /code/ when running /code/ grunt task with a filepath issue, the weird thing is on jenkins it complains with my local path  .
However, when I have Jenkins run the same script, I get the following output: .
/pre/  After that, if the error persists, log in the Jenkins server and run the "gerrit review" command manually executing: .
I kicked individual functions off with Jenkins using their scheduled triggers then tracked their completion to ensure it completed successfully.
If the function fails then I can see which specific part of the process failed easily in Jenkins.
Navigate to Managed Jenkins > System Information : Under that you can find a property with name: os.name .
I have a couple of Jenkins Job running on different slaves that are stuck at the end of the build at the below step: .
The relationship between Jenkins and Docker is not determined in such a manner that having Docker is good or bad.
If your end result is a docker image to be distributed, you have Jenkins call your /code/ command, collect the output, and report on the success / failure of the /code/ command.
If your end result is not a docker image, you have Jenkins call your non-docker build command, collect the output, and report on the success / failure of the non-docker build.
We get a similar error when we configure Jenkins to look for the Jenkinsfile at /code/ instead of at /code/.
Getting the data on environment variables both from Terminal and Jenkins, and write them sorted into 2  files.
The propblem is that the commands that work fine in /code/ do n't work in Jenkins.
/pre/  Jenkins prints that /code/, although it works well in /code/.
After a success deployment from my local machine using Terraform v0.11.1, I can not do it again from Jenkins, I have this error : .
When i trigger a job in jenkins for a jmeter test with 3000 user count i get below exception in jmeter-server.log file .
Running the tests and performing the health check from inside docker on local (macOS with Docker for Mac) working completely fine, but in Jenkins the health checks fail.
Reason for doubt- I am thinking thinking that, Kubernetes and Jenkins are only depending image registry for deployment by image pulling.
could you please help me how to fetch the commit files on jenkins and run a ant script only for the committed files.
so is there any other way to fix this issue without touching Jenkins configuration.
In this case Kubernetes pulls the image from the registry (which Jenkins previously deployed there).
I cancelled the job from the Jenkins Home page where we can see the jobs running under different slaves and the job completed as SUCCESS  .
Increasing the /code/, intrestingly this worked locally for me but failed on jenkins and I 'm still not sure what goes wrong with jenkins .
Getting Error while running Jenkins on command prompt using c/code/ ..
Error:  Shutting down a Jenkins instance that was still starting up .
I 've gone into the config files for the jobs on my Jenkins master instance and changed the value of the "nextBuildNumber" file though it seems to ignore it.
When my build failed - test report is missing in Jenkins.
See the report at: file:///var/jenkins_home/workspace/test2/build/reports/tests/test/index.html .
How to prevent Jenkins to run on start-up.
So as a workaround what we can do is to reduce the load on Jenkins by restricting the branches to build automatically when a commit happens, something like this.
I am not authorized to change permissions of the machine on which jenkins server is running.
Went to /usr/local/bin and found the jenkins file and i doubled clicked it and it reset everything and generated the .jenkins folder I was missing.
However in Jenkins in this case the variable $GIT_COMMIT refers to the locally created merge commit - which of course cannot be found in GitLab and therefore no comment can be added.
Is there a way I can tell Jenkins that if certain tests fail, they should not contribute into decision of marking the build as unstable/failed?
while I was trying to start Jenkins over Tomcat I got the following issue.
When you file an issue, make sure to add the entire stack trace, along with the version of Jenkins and relevant plugins.
The call is security checked by default (see /url/) and wo n't even generally work because of how Jenkins Pipelines executes your pipeline code.
I can see the build stage time totals in the console logs but no matter the logging level I set globally for Jenkins, these do not display in the logs.
It ask for Administration password: Get that password from: C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\secrets\initialAdminPassword file .
I 've restarted Jenkins multiple times, thinking that the global configuration is being cached incorrectly in some way.
My end goal is to run the docker image on jenkins and then read the xml file that the python script generates.
/pre/  In my jenkins job I 've configured: /code/ and also added the same token: /code/.
From your comments, the problem is that Jenkins is executed as root user, and can not find the lib stdio.h.
execute Jenkins with your privilege, not with root privilege .
I tried to connect it to jenkins on my localhost and it works perfectly.
Jenkins Version: 2.107.1 Issue: Although the file is present Jenkins is not able to access it or cd into the repo.
i do not have permission of jenkins UI to modify path over there all i have jenkins file.
[htmlpublisher] Archiving HTML reports... [htmlpublisher] Archiving at PROJECT level C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\firstpostman to C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\jobs\firstpostman\htmlreports\HTML_20Report ERROR: Directory 'C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\firstpostman' exists but failed copying to 'C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\jobs\firstpostman\htmlreports\HTML_20Report'.
The Jenkins server is able to spawn new mesos slaves when new jobs are scheduled and kill them when the job is completed.
But if a cluster node crashes, having a Jenkins job running on it, Jenkins server does n't re-run the job on other available nodes.
I am getting no such file or directory error while running the below groovy script in Jenkins.
/pre/  as suggest elsewhere but this cause the class to fail compilation - Jenkins starts to see it as a script rather than a class and so throws the duplicate class name error.
And added the following code to my Jenkins pipeline in the Post always block.
both /code/ and /code/ can only archive files that are inside WORKSPACE, containers do not shave any volumes with host (where jenkins WORKSPACE is) unless you explicitly do so .
Install Jenkins by using official steps, but failed with error message Failed to start LSB: Start Jenkins at boot time.
As for Jenkins part, I do n't see any problems (you can build any number of docker images from 1 repo): .
My question is related to Jenkins and linting errors.
However, when I run /code/ on Jenkins, the job FAILS due to linting errors, usually related to case sensitive issues, and varialbes of type any.
My question is, am I able to stop the build failing due to these errors, and display them as warnings, or continue building the Jenkins job despite the errors above?
Actually the authentication into our Jenkins is done through LDAP.
When I attempt to run the command below [this works locally and in jenkins] I get the following error:  .
I open this topic because I have a issue when I try to run ansiblePlaybook in a Jenkins pipeline.
Configure JMeter to store logs into location where Jenkins has write access too, i.e.
   How can I get Jenkins to extract a value from the console output that is generated by a command in a Jenkinsfile?
The Jenkins log prints the following as a result of running the /code/ command in the above simplified Jenkinsfile:   .
Could anyone please help me with stage in jenkinsfile how to move jar file from Jenkins server to another server and run it there.
/pre/  Re ran in jenkins and then have a slightly different error.
ran jenkins again , with the following error... .
In the event of a Jenkins build failure, an email is sent out to all developers using the Jenkins Mailer Plugin.
For the data above, what specific syntax would need to be added to the Jenkinsfile in order for the resulting Jenkins logs to print out the following:   .
I was facing the same problem of mounting volumes from a Build that runs in a Docker Container running in a Jenkins server in Kubernetes.
It appears that you are sharing the /code/ from the jenkins host into the container.
When your 18.03.1-ce /code/ client connects to that /code/ socket, it is talking to the dockerd running on the jenkins host.
When started on our build server (Jenkins, but I 'm not so sure that 's relevant), the following exception gets thrown: .
Just In Case: If you are testing on Jenkins and having problem, let know i might help you.
/pre/  The fails cause the jenkins job running the playbook to fail, but it needs to pass to continue in the pipeline.
You need to tell docker what socket to connect to, and possibly there is some .bashrc or similar that runs when you log in under jenkins that sets that?
Check DOCKER_HOST var before you run /code/ as jenkins and see what the value is.
When I use the /url/ for Jenkins, how can I retrieve the proper artifact from another job that as run (downstream) by the same pipeline?
/pre/  After you copy the files or restore the archive, you should restart Jenkins or even better, restart the server.
I am not sure what is the OS of your Jenkins server.
/pre/  When I run it in Jenkins, I get the follow .
We have been trying to get Pipeline working on Jenkins 2.107 however it keeps coming up with an error that i have struggled to locate online.
We have a Windows 2008 R2 server with Jenkins running as a service.
Following the /url/ procedure from Jenkins works for me.
/pre/  I tried to change the permissions from the remote Jenkins.
Once fixed, will the Jenkins Slaves be created on demand?
On a Jenkins instance, I need Valgrind to check if there are particular problems in a C++ compiled binary.
If I compile my code with /code/ on the Jenkins instance, will Valgrind detect the same problems in the binary as with /code/ ?
You cannot run again command1 "mkdir /opt/jenkins", you will have a error, so you must do a test before.
/pre/  after searching about the error in google and stackoverflow i found that it 's permission issue for the user of Jenkins.
I 've edited /etc/sysconfig/jenkins and changed the following from /var/lib/jenkins to /app/jenkins in order to move to a volume with more storage allocated.
The problem is even after restart jenkins home directory still shows /var/lib/jenkins.
please generate rsa key in your jenkins server/linux box and add this public IP into your remote host under .ssh directory in authorized_keys file ( if .ssh dir or authorized_key file is not present, please create) after change permission of this file to 640 ( chmod 640 authorized_key).
/pre/  I am running all of the Docker containers in the Jenkins file, in a dedicated network and all of the containers can talk with each other, but when I try and use the /code/ container to run a basic web test, I am getting this connection refused error.
I think you are encountering a Jenkins issue here.
Jenkins uses the attributes /code/ as well as /code/ of a /code/ within a JUnit XML report to classify test results on the UI.
Report a bug for Jenkins since above behavior is unexpected .
We deleted the job by using this snippet in the Jenkins Console.
As part of running the scans from Jenkins build process, FPR files are generated using the sourceanalyzer tool and uploaded to SSC.
I ca n't find any indication of what 's going wrong in either the TeamCity or Jenkins logs.
The global variable of a matcher type fails to serialize which is needed to pass it between the Jenkins master and the slave (I guess).
In my case, I had a similar error, running from jenkins.
When ever I submit code ,Jenkins will trigger build and perform the stages.
He was not seeing this error at all on a different Jenkins master.
So I went and ran it on a third Jenkins master we have hanging around.
So maybe if there 's an error in the Jenkins pipeline, it short circuits the loading of parameters into the environment or something?
I had the same issue with Jenkins.
Designate one of the servers as a Jenkins server .
Jenkins notices the commit and runs the file on all the machines .
Jenkins tells you if your build succeeded or failed .
It removes "all dangling images", so in shared environments (like Jenkins slave) it 's more akin to shooting oneself in the foot.
Now if I want to run a Jupyter notebook from Jenkins for this particular rosbag file and get the data from it for plots, how to I go about it?
while executing command "grdale test" from Jenkins pipeline ,getting an error-/url/ .
We have Jenkins running within ECS.
But through Jenkins pipeline it throws me the following error: .
You have to append your jenkins job URL with the this suffix /code/ to get the JSON data String.
For ex: If your Jenkins server has a job named A_SLAVE_JOB , then you have to do a  HTTP GET in your java rest client at this end point : /code/ .
I have integrated this in Jenkins using Mavens and I get to the step where I can push a button to download the file however the file is not to be found in the workspace or anywhere on the server.
When I run my test on jenkins it gives following Error, I am using http port 80 and ssh port 22.
But, when I try to connect with same credentials, IP and path with jenkins, it gives me the error as shown in the below screenshot.
What Jenkins variables exist at the "agent" stage?
What I will suggest you is to consider the way explained in the issues of Jenkins /url/ .
Run appium server via Jenkins (We can run it using /code/ command but when I run appium command it just "hangs up" and showing server console continiously) .
But when a Jenkins job run it..this is the error message that it is showing in the console output.
How can I confirm this and how can I see if there is a problem with my Jenkins, Docker, or system in general.
Most probably the host where Jenkins (or its build agent) lives cannot establish connection to Oracle host so you will need to inspect/amend /url/ or your operating system /url/ settings to allow connections from Jenkins master or build agent.
Jenkins has that issue where there is a slight delay to see the build happening when you click on a build project, hence making you click on it again.
/pre/  On my dev machine I can compile and run this project just fine, however when I try to run the build via Jenkins it fails immediately and shows this error in the logs: .
Can anyone help me how to write a shell script logic if the value does n't greater than the output of the presenting value in the console log Jenkins job should fail?
The next step was to build it from an external server running its own copy of Jenkins.
We are using Jenkins to run Scenarios through grid on slave machines on Chrome and Firefox.
In my Jenkins pipelines I generally use /code/ declarative function to send me an email incase the pipeline has failed.
Idea is, when a user receives a failure notification from jenkins, he should know which stage of the pipeline has failed along with the error log.
I had this problem happening to me in a situation nothing to do with Jenkins.
I am getting below error while running the jmeter command in non-gui mode from jenkins.
My cloudwatch logs stop sending data from the logstream i created for the jenkins.log.
Someone suggested me to remove models and ejb-client from the web-app and leave them as web-app dependencies, however I 'm strong doubts about this idea because both modules are tied to web-app and Jenkins would not recognize them as submodules,  so even worst the hash commit that relates parent pom to its submodules would be lost.
After login to the remote server, copy the artifact from jenkins server to remote server.
The whole script runs to conclusion locally but fails in jenkins because I am using the result of /code/ as a /code/ even though the jenkins version is a /code/ .
Currently, I have set Gitlab host URL in the Jenkins configure page as /url/, which results in the following error:  .
Jenkins' log have an error of broken pipe .
However, if I run it using Jenkins, this error appears: .
/pre/  I checked Jenkins HTTP Proxy Configuration and it was set up correctly (host, port and credentials are all correct), but if I enter /url/ in Test URL and press "Validate Proxy", this error appears: .
/pre/  Is there something that can refuse Jenkins requests to websites?
The log shows Jenkins tries to execute /bin/git Usually the git is calling by short name - git, and by full path is only when it set in the configuration page.
ERROR: Error cloning remote repo 'origin' Getting this error while cloning the git repo using jenkins for ubuntu machine.
I want to connect a slave to Master-Jenkins, but when trying to connect i 'm getting following Error: .
So once a stage fails - Jenkins will not continue with the next stages and therefore you will have the "failed" stage name.
/pre/  In above command: ${repo_username} &amp; ${repo_password} are Jenkins variables passed as secrets so they are not logged as clear text.
The only problem is the build fails on Jenkins in the task /code/.
/pre/  One thing I noticed from jenkins log is that it says the file /code/ does not exist.
If you run git command by windows shell/batch on jenkins, it maybe cause by git ssh key issue... .
Is there any way with which i could generate the Warnings and Errors report in Jenkins?
In this case, I expected my jenkins build to get triggered but nothing happened.
But the issue raised up how I can connect to the window instance using Jenkins and install the chrome on this window machine and some other software silently.
While building SWIFT program on IOS jenkins agent, I am receiving rubygems/util load error from gems file.
After successfully adding Root CA to Java cert, restart Jenkins.
The instance would launch and would attach a new 100GB encrypted EBS volume which would be formatted as /code/ and mounted at /code/ as the home directory of the jenkins user.
My Jenkins Pipeline fails even though no stage has an error:   .
Full Error message from Jenkins Log: .
I try to launch my built application on my OSX slave from Jenkins but at the end of my stage, Jenkins seems to kill the process of my app.
Jenkins Blue Ocean is running on the same local network as a linked Bitbucket Server instance.
Actually problem was caused by quote character in the password that passed to Ant from Jenkins.
/pre/  This gives the following Jenkins behaviour .
How to tell jenkins "ok fine the docker container is fine, you can do the next thing" but prevent the docker container to stop (this is why I put rails s at the end of the command" .
We would like to bring a Jenkins slave node back online after a specific operation involving updates to the node, then rebooting the node.
The problem is that online is not enough, as asking to reboot may not mean the computer does so immediately, so the Jenkins node may stay online for a while.
So the idea is to see if the time since this node was brought online in Jenkins has suddenly dropped, and use this as a trigger.
In Jenkins (CI), I want the logs to see exactly what stacktrace caused the crash.
I have an internal Jenkins server which I am trying to tie in to a Mesos environment we have running here in our office; however, I 'm having a hard time keeping the Jenkins framework registered in Mesos: .
And you will run into other problems with Jenkins.
Resource offer will not be sent to Jenkins Master B again, so Jenkins Master B is waiting.
Anyways it compiles locally but when i try to build it using jenkins - which is i guess similar to building using command line arguments - i get the error ASPPARSE: Circular file references are not allowed.
I 'm also aware that i can add /code/ to my /code/ in webconfig but that creates memory related errors in the Jenkins machine.
But when I add /code/ Jenkins job fails with .
When I try to deploy /code/ 's suggested /code/, the following error is shown in the Jenkins Blue Ocean interface:   .
Now the file which you removed from local and removed will not get pulled to your jenkins repo.
I have configured my SonarQube server instance in global settings of Jenkins with authorized token and server URL.
Likely irrelevant, but the global Jenkins config shows warning: .
This is probably a bug   in Jenkins.
/pre/  How can I get /code/ to work in Jenkins?
/pre/  Here is also the Jenkins console output while building just in case it might help: /url/ .
Just updating content of config.xml file is probably not enough to change in-memory state of Jenkins job.
You still need to reload configuration from disk, which can be done either in GUI with jenkins/manage/, /url/ or simply rebooting the server.
This really goes down to the fact that Jenkins config.xml are XStream serialized java objects, not actual configuration files.
This is apart of my series of questions pertaining to how to get lerna running in Jenkins.
Using the Jenkins JSON API I 'm correctly getting the following JSON result: .
I just created a test mercurial repo with some files with random content to test the setup, and a jenkins pipeline 'polling-test' which checks out the repo and echoes "hello world".
Issue was related to path,basically my user 's path variable had npm and grunt paths but was missing from system path variable.So i added npm path to system path variable and it worked for jenkins!
As the error log says, Jenkins fails because it ca n't find the jar javaSpringMvcForum-restapi:jar:1.0-SNAPSHOT.
so by that, I mean that the Jenkins pipeline code will be public but credentials should remain private.
My expectation is to receive a mail with TestNg report in it, either as attachment or in body.I have below configuration in jenkins but after running job it is saying "No emails were triggered."
However, when I run the same script during my Jenkins build process, I get the following error: /code/.
/pre/  And here is an image of how the Jenkins Job UI looks after this pipeline is executed.
I do have an issue trying to transfer files from a remote machine to my Jenkins workspace (different machine).
But I did not figure out what Analysis properties the Jenkins action "Execute SonarQube Scanner" needs in order to import the results and display them.
I am trying to set sonarqube settings in Jenkins system property using groovy init script but I am getting below error.
I have the following JSON and I need to get id values for instances which do not have type = Jenkins .
/pre/  And I use /code/ path to receive id-s which relate to the instances with type NOT JENKINS, however JSON Extractor returns me the Jenkins 's id too.
The question is how can I receive ids for non-jenkins instances only?
/pre/  The error is an output from a jenkins run.
I guess it 's a Jenkins node issue or something, hope it will help.
When I click the button, I am getting the following error I started Jenkins via this command/code/ .
Needing to know how to run a Maven single testng file in Jenkins.
Jenkins shows following error, .
There 's an option called "Accept gitlab merge request on success" in the "Post-build Actions" in jenkins jobs,but we want to implement "Close/Delete gitlab merge request on failure" after a failed build,is this possible please?
I have set up StormRunner to run tests when Jenkins builds which results in an XML file being generated in the workspace.
But when I use Jenkins I keep getting the following error: .
Content is written to a temporary file on Jenkins node and only then executed.
If not, it will throw the above message because jenkins is trying to listen to the port 9000 but nothing is there.
After restarting our Jenkins 2.107.2 instance, it shows many previously finished pipeline runs in the "master" section of the homepage, with a partly-completed progress bar.
/pre/  How can I purge these old runs from Jenkins (where does Jenkins keep the state for these runs)?
Here is the Code snipped to upload file and the error message when we run it from Jenkins.
SSH credentials are stored in Jenkins and work for many other nodes accessing the same repo.
I have a console application that needs to be permanently running on the same machine on which I run Jenkins.
/pre/  AWS shows it deploys fine but the logs for jenkins-blueocean container has that error: .
touch: cannot touch '/var/jenkins_home/copy_reference_file.log': Permission denied .
Can not write to /var/jenkins_home/copy_reference_file.log.
Am I missing something to allow jenkins access to the volume?
echo jenkins-build=%BUILD_NUMBER% > Drive:\path\to\file.properties .
-When i trigger build from Jenkins, After build successful, Sending email to:Recipient List .
If it 's not, there 's some entirely other problem going on here, which is something along the lines of your Jenkins client having files checked out that are in some unrelated stream and outside your client view (which would point at some misconfiguration on the Jenkins side, or a really bad bug in your script, or a bad trigger on the server, or something).
Symptom: Jenkins service starts and immediately stops.
/pre/  Jenkins will always execute it on Master.
When I change it to normal shell command, Jenkins is correctly executing it on slave machine.
Symptom: Jenkins service starts and immediately stops.
If a fixed reply "ABORT" replies to the Slack post, I would like for Slack to communicate back to the Jenkins pipeline to abort the build.
Everything seems ok except that I get /code/ error for every chart that jenkins attempt to draw.
Every time I build, the Jenkins workspace is deleted.
I migrated all the Jenkins related file from one server to another.
However, this is n't checked into VCS, therefore we have no access on our Jenkins build server.
I want to create the following pipeline: For each merge request from develop to master in Gitlab, Trigger a Jenkins job that run an end-to-end test, And merge the branches in Gitlab only if the test succeeded.
I 'm still looking for an answer for one question: How can Jenkins response to Gitlab with the result of the end-to-end test (Success/Fail), So Gitlab will know whether to merge to branches or not?
/pre/  But when running on Tomcat as it is the case in this scenario, Jenkins logs are displayed on the catalina logs since the software is running on a container.
Just scroll almost to the middle to look for a generated password which is essentially a token and copy and paste it to unlock jenkins.
running /code/ showed the following after trying to test the SSH connection from within Jenkins.
While running multiple test suits on CBT via jenkins parallel, Jenkins get slower and page takes more time to load on CBT and hence it shows below error(which is intermittent) Error: Angular could not be found on the page Https:xxx.xyz.com If this is not an Angular application, you may need to turn off waiting for Angular.
When used with gcloud util, the service account and key work fine, so the problem is somewhere in Jenkins.
put privatekey as jenkins side .
In other words, the default Jenkins behavior is waiting for the node if the job has been started when the node is offline ('pending' job status).
Your Jenkins job should, it the test is successful, /url/  in order to accept the MR (Merge Request).
ZAP generate report and send back to Jenkins.
We have a jenkins job configured to fetch changes from gerrit to do CI, sometimes this job fails randomly to perform Git operation 's like clone or fetch on the gerrit server.
I am getting the following error message while running the build through Jenkins.
Is there a way to output SonarQube results to 2 different server locations through a Jenkins configuration, using a single Jenkins build for each SonarQube output?
And also in Jenkins Selenium Grid i can see node connected in Registered Remote Components.
From the Jenkins console I am receiving the following error: .
/pre/  I do n't understand why Chrome is running ok using my IntelliJ and/or command line, but with Jenkins locally on my machine, Chrome becomes a problem.
From another video tutorial /url/  I shared the cluster kubeconfig to my remote jenkins host: .
/pre/  But my question is, what is the next step after I shared de kubeconfig to my jenkins remote host.
I am running a Jenkins server on a Windows 10 computer, as a service.
But when its run in the Jenkins it gives me this error  .
I tried setting up Jenkins with apache and leaving Pterodactyl on Nginx but did n't work.
The first error - where the local browser is being ran on Jenkins, this one - /code/, has nothing to do with the download directory.
Well, the case is ran off the Jenkins as executor node, but the the browser is a remote - and if it 's a different node (machine) than the Jenkins one, the file is downloaded on that remote machine.
Finally, you have n't called the /code/ method, which is required for the setting to kick in (though you did in the first question 's code) - so the download directory is the default one (even if the hub browsers is the same node as the Jenkins).
If you QA and PM are techies, then they can also merge branches or close PRs, which can auto trigger jenkins and run prod deployments.
I stood up an instance of the latest version of Jenkins Pipeline and received a class loading error when I tried to import a class from an implicitly loaded folder-level shared library in my Jenkinsfile.
Hence jenkins is not able to parse the xml.
how can i get this parsed correctly by jenkins?
First Jenkins started with daemon mode where it was restarting the process then I have tried to start it manually but getting the same error.
I even tried with older version of Jenkins as well but gettting the same error.
Basically, Jenkins do abort the build on /code/ condition, so this status looks more appropriate.
No idea why it is n't triggering the Jenkins job... what am I missing?
Archived files will   be accessible from the Jenkins webpage.
Normally, Jenkins keeps   artifacts for a build as long as a build log itself is kept, but if   you do n't need old artifacts and would rather save disk space, you can   do so.
I bound /var/jenkins_home to a directory on my Windows machine to persist the Jenkins configuration and jobs.
/pre/  It seems that Jenkins stores the private key temporarily in a file which is under /var/jenkins_home.
There is an option to generate warnings report in Jenkins.
But When I run the pipeline I receive the following error in Jenkins (it takes 50 seconds): .
It seems to be fine but still the jenkins build is failing.
I am running a python script from Jenkins which is running a shell script which fails with below /code/ error,I tried the following to debug the issue... .
1.I am printing the /code/ with which the Jenkins job is running and it is the correct user .
2.I ran the /code/command manually with the same userid on the Jenkins node and it works fine and there is no permission denied error .
This error is only happening when running through Jenkins,am clueless as why this is happening?any pointers on why this is happening or how to debug further despite using the correct user which has the permission ?
It could be that the Jenkins service is restricted (as it should be) from writing files outside the /code/.
Creating files outside of the working directory is a Bad Idea™ in Jenkins.
Jenkins: TCP port for JNLP agents: tried both fixed and Random, with Agent protocols, only /code/ selected.
Error on the slave node page on the master Jenkins: .
Though Jenkins X works on /url/.
Though Jenkins X works on /url/.
We worked around some of the issues you 've been having by running the Jenkins pipelines inside the kubernetes cluster; so there 's no need to authenticate with the kubernetes cluster - it just reuses the existing RBAC.
The WAR file created through Jenkins is unable to load the "Application.properties" file .
This issue is only happening when I build the WAR though Jenkins .
/pre/  The actual error that Jenkins throws when trying to interpret the /code/ line of code is:   .
But somehow jenkins is ignoring it and I am getting log levels at INFO.
We worked around some of the issues you 've been having by running the Jenkins pipelines inside the kubernetes cluster; so there 's no need to authenticate with GKE.
I had similar issue in Jenkins and is definitely related to python on the server.
But in jenkins i am getting syntax error .
/pre/  Error message in jenkins:(python version 2.6.6) .
The below code runs fine on my local system but when run on Jenkins 9 times out of 10, I get error (mentioned below).
I do n't get any warnings on compiling my application with Qt Creator but I get the following warning by building the application with Jenkins.
Note: /code/ is being run inside of my Jenkins/BlueOcean server pipeline in case that changes something .
Jenkins users who were behind on updating their Jenkins installs or plugins may have experienced the issue at a later date.
Though Jenkins X works on /url/.
You can manually trigger the jobs in the Jenkins UI though to work around the lack of webhooks ;) .
Though Jenkins X works on /url/.
I do n't have access to that package locally, outside of the context of the Jenkins server, which defeats my intention of running unit tests locally.
i got below error when i create a new variable (MY_VARIABLE) in jenkins shell script.
Jenkins starts without issues .
Also, how can I see which branch was pushed to and triggered the job from within my Jenkins jobs?
If Jenkins fails to run Java, it could be /code/ user does n't have permissions to run it, then change /code/ to /code/ in config (described /url/) .
I did not see it happen when I try to run the test from my own development environment (that is, not using Jenkins as a medium) - However, it might 've been because I was unlucky and did not try enough.
Rather than frozen, it 's more like SUT is waiting for a request from Jenkins, and Jenkins is waiting for a response from the SUT.
If you need any Jenkins builds logs/output/config, just let me know and I can upload it.
I 'm trying to install the ruby-runtime (0.12) plugin for Jenkins, but getting the following error: .
I ran a set of R-commands with the given data (basically extracted from airpassenger data of box jenkins) and I ran into an error which I cannot apprehend.
The Jenkins pipeline still fails with the same error.
when i run the build with out script it works fine when i use pipelinescript to run jenkins build  it throws below error 'gradle' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file.
When the instance is running slave/agent is recognized by the jenkins master and it works in static mode.
I have verified that the files exist on the Jenkins slave, and the mount is created inside the docker service when I run docker-compose, however they are empty.
In order to get around file permissions I am using /code/ as the Jenkins Workspace.
The issue I have really stems from Jenkins not seeming to handle write-output in the way I think it should.
Bit of a general query really regarding how I could go about displaying failures textually, from a Jmeter run test, run via Jenkins?
Doing so, if there are time issues, I would only have to look at the Jenkins master (unless the sync with the master is the problem) .
The solution to this was connecting to the Jenkins box and removing all the cached sources as they had become corrupt somehow.
Supported_Files(xyz.h file present here) and in jenkins i give the svn location of master folder.
I would like to trigger the Jenkins build from remote machine and upload the file from remote machine and I am expecting Jenkins to pick the file from same machine.
Is there any way to configure Jenkins, it has to take same file which I have uploaded from remote machine?
loaded through the Jenkins   UI which will be copied to the job 's workspace.
By default, the 8080 port is used by many domains like the tomcat Application Server, Oracle DB server, Jenkins, Ajp Port no, http default transport(in case of Jboss).
I was trying to attempt maven release through Jenkins , but running with below error.
we are trying to setup jenkins and gerrit for CI framework, gerrit can trigger Jenkins build, but can not update gerrit 's verified label after build success, so i tried with manual command, still failed to update gerrit verified label field via following ssh command on jenkins server, but can update code-review label.
/pre/   Jenkins change.
3.1 add gerrit server info, so "Trigger a Gerrit event manually" on jenkins works well.
/pre/  I got an error in Jenkins and looked for why it happend.
Jenkins ERROR: No deployable artifacts found in path:  .
Therefore, the actual path mounted from the Jenkins container "does not exist" in the HOST.
After testing is done i convert the qunit results into junit-styled output .xml file to be used in Jenkins.
To avoid the error, change to Jenkins user by using the following command .
i would like to change the default path from Jenkins under /var/lib/jenkins to /data .
I try a few things like change the path under /etc/default/jenkins the JENKINS_HOME or add a file under /etc/profile.d/jenkins.sh with the following content : export JENKINS_HOME=/data   i already copy all files under /var/lib/jenkins with cp -R /var/lib/jenkins/* /data   But everytime i become the following Error in the Jenkins GUI :     .
and start Klov server which is basically extension of Extent-reports library, which is basically an server who connects to mongoDB and store Your results and history and have maybe more benefit than Jenkins reporting, anyone can access it at any time, and has all results user should need without searching in emails.
Are saved in a html or .csv file in a path and jenkins picks the .html or .csv result and publish the result through mail to set of people ?
/pre/  I assume I do n't have to copy the key to the slave myself because that would render the key provider in Jenkins useless?
Manually copying the private key from the Jenkins GUI into an /code/ file on the slave node makes it possible to clone when directely working inside the VM but building with Jenkins still gives the same error.
For testing purpose I run the script on a master on my local machine and jenkins is running under my user which has definitively access to all directories.
Now we are using Jenkins, D comes from the $BUILD_NUMBER Jenkins variable, but A.B.C are stored in a text file within the workspace.
/pre/  there is a insert query that is missing the semicolon , and hence sonarqube should detect this and fail the jenkins build or fail the SONAR Quality test.
Also to verify this issue is not related to your Jenkins job configuration, could you verify whether manually deploying the war works?
If manually deploying works, then the issue is likely in the Jenkins job configuration.
When i check the processes, I can see that there is a main master jenkins process and several other child jenkins processes(which are an exact replica of the master process) are hung and are causing the spike(Confirmed this through new relic).
I 'm using Jenkins over windows 7 and i encountered strange behavior.
i used to work with Jenkins on Linux and never had a problem like this when using the WORKSPACE system parameter.
The test-results can even be exported as JUnit reports and be slurped by CI servers like Jenkins and TeamCity.
I can trigger the builds on jenkins manually without any problems.
This seems fairly straightforward running on linux, just adding a script file in perforce and a perforce trigger to run that file using curl to send a message to jenkins to start the build.
I want to log some INFO messages in a separate file outside var/jenkins/logs (default log location of Jenkins) but I was n't able to find any working examples.
/pre/  I currently use this LOGGER.log() which logs the comparisons into Jenkins logs, but I would like to log the comparisons in a separate file on the VM that the Docker container running Jenkins is located, but I believe that 's beyond the scope of the question.
For now, it 's ok if I manage to log that info in a file within the container of Jenkins.
However, I think you are interested in having the creation of the buildspec.yaml file done within the Jenkins pipeline.
We have integrated these calls in a Jenkins script and all works great.
Is there a better way to publish PHP Artifacts from Jenkins on Linux to a separate remote windows IIS server?
The problem appear when I run tests through Jenkins.
The situation here is I need to add them by /code/ and the Jenkins master should not be shutdown/restart.
If Jenkins is running with a system account, open a session with this account and launch this command: /code/ .
I have Jenkins setup with both SSH and a private token - so it can access a "Git" private repo quite happily, and via the Config screen it can set the hooks.
The token works correctly for the main Jenkins config.
The problem i am running into is that i am needing to pass a variable value from my Jenkins server to a remote server.
The issue could be that Jenkins is using https with self-signed certificate.
Then if you have a correct user and password for Jenkins provided in webhook URL everything should work.
The problem is that the properties data is logged in the Jenkins console output, which is undesirable.
I 'm not sure where the real problem is, Jenkins/Firefox/Matlab?
We performed code analysis automatic with Jenkins + SonarQube.
I have a very simple Jenkins pipline code - read properties from text and call httpRequest in a loop to post this set of properties to a server.
However whenever httpRequest is called in  the loop, jenkins throws up this exception, it is almost impossible to tell what the error is.
The problem I have is when I try and execute npm run build while on my Jenkins CI box.
Like I said before, Webstorm has zero issue finding the files and including them in local builds, but as soon as I put them in Jenkins, it fails building.
I recommend that you shutdown your Jenkins server while doing this, we 've observed Jenkins deleting things when doing this while it is running.
Neither of these approaches will require restarting Jenkins.
However, there are frequent incidents where Jenkins machine/admin were unavailable.
I was able to get Jenkins running with SSL and this is what I did.
Fill out the Certificate Properties: Subject name: Common name: [the name of your jenkins server] Alternative name: DNS: [the name of your jenkins server] Alternative name: DNS: [the full name of your jenkins server including your domain]Confirm the page with OK and the following two pages.
We configured the build definition to not sync code as jenkins will download it (save time) and not to publish the artifacts back to the agent (i have another script for that found /url/).
/pre/  My problem is that when I run my run in Jenkins, Choices do n't at the screen show and in console input I see the execution following :  .
Sure you can:) you have to make sure that jenkins has permission to start and stop the IIS server i.e.
2) Copy a file from local machine to the Jenkins slave .
3) Modify the PATH variable on the Jenkins slave .
I recently updated the jenkins server from version 2.7.2 to 2.107.2 on Windows Server Standard 2016 (both server and agent).
The jenkins Windows Service on the agent keeps crashing and reports the following in the error log file: .
When I try to analyze the project localy on my workstation without jenkins the analysis works and the results are uploaded and displayed in sonarqube.
When I use jenkins in combination with sonar msbuild and execute the very same cmd I get the error message  .
I 'm trying to get information from a groovy script located under vars called from a shared library Jenkins class but gets an error.
I can then go to any other machine on the network and kick off testing (in my case, codeception on jenkins) and it will sucessfully run my tests in chrome without a hitch.
I can get jenkins to provision pods and run basic unit tests, but what is less clear is how I can run tests that involve coordination between multiple pods.
How do I actually get the service defined in the docker image to run in a jenkins provisioned pod?
I see the directories on the server itself, but from the looks of it, Jenkins fails to load them; I do n't see the projects on the UI.
Make sure the Jenkins URL configured in the System Configuration   matches the URL you 're using to access Jenkins.
I restarted the master jenkins but still when I launche the slave node I get the next message :  .
Caused by: java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: jenkins/tasks/SimpleBuildWrapper  java.lang.ClassLoader.defineClass1(Native Method) .
At the end of test execution UFT test will generate a file with the information required by selenium test and then jenkins will trigger selenium test, selenium test will read this file to gather any required information.
If UFT test fails then jenkins will not trigger the selenium test.
If the whole jenkins job is executed successfully then integration is working, if the UFT part failed then Powerbuilder is having issue and if selenium part failed then web application is having issue.
I can do that without any issues on my Ubuntu machine, but I get /code/ when doing the same on a docker powered Jenkins.
the script is n't loaded from SCM) in Jenkins (v.2.107.0) it works as expected.
The error comes from the fact that Jenkins is trying to use the JobDSL plugin to run the script.
In this case your Kubernetes- and your Jenkins- has to be configured with credentials derived from your account to be able to pull those private images into your cluster.
look at jenkins log (usually at /code/) for exceptions like /code/ to figure out where the plugin think the file located at, or any other errors while trying to read the file.
How do I generate an XML test result report in Endly for parsing and viewing in Jenkins?
/pre/  The ID e4fbd939-914a-41ed-92d9-8eededfb9243 was generated by the Jenkins credentials manager after I created a global domain credentials entry.
In this case , you can keep your jenkins file into the existing workspace location .
Suddenly I see the Error while checkout from Bitbucket from jenkins - .
Cloning the remote Git repository /url/ ERROR: Failed to clean the workspace  Java.io.IOException: Unable to delete ‘D:\Jenkins\jobs\projectname\appname\projectname\workspace.Tried 3 times (of a maximum of 3) waiting 0.1 sec between attempts.
The problem occurs both in Android Studio and on Jenkins.
This is obviously a Java problem in the jenkins.
/pre/  And I can see the result of the most recent test (you can see the name of my jenkins task folder)   .
/pre/  Earlier tests are all saved on the Jenkins server, so I can view them if I need to.
We have a Node app and we are trying to migrate our test cases to Jest.In local development environment, everything is working fine.We are able to run tests.When configuring CI on Jenkins, we are getting a lot of @providesModule naming collision warnings and the build eventually fails.We are not a react or react native app.
Above link is the feature request submitted already to Jenkins but it is still in Open state.
/pre/  When a CI (in my case Jenkins) invokes this target, JUnit generates a neat XML file for the CI to process further (publish).
I used my remote-server-name both in hosts: and execute shell     section of jenkins, instead of /code/ specifier in playbook.
But when Jenkins starts the docker I get the following error .
/pre/  I 've tried removing the entrypoint from the dockerfile, and putting the service start call in the jenkinsfile, but as Jenkins runs the docker with the jenkins user, which does n't exist in the docker container, it ca n't start the service (permission denied).
/code/ methods will refer to files on the master where Jenkins is running, so not in the current workspace on the slave machine.
If your test deliveries fail, try to see if you can POST to Jenkins webhook URL  (/url/).
/pre/  and whenever I want to run my local Jenkins I just go the directory where I have this file stored, e.g.
I 'm executing automation test cases through Jenkins on a remote machine.
Test cases run fine as long as I do n't close remote machine and once I close the remote machine automation fails in Jenkins.
if i use the same script in jenkins it fails with this error,i searched a lot to find the solution and someone suggested to use /code/ but that did n't help either.
When run from Jenkins, however, one package is simply missing!
/pre/  Now the localhost Jenkins setup would run and the payload error would be gone.
We fixed it by reducing jenkins stdout/stderr output.
Upon later inspection, I found that, when Jenkins was running the Katalon tests, the /code/ file was actually getting created in the project 's /code/ folder, instead of at /code/.
How can I fix this so that I can display test results from Jenkins?!
However when I run the program in Jenkins it generates a HTML report.
Jenkins URL changed to http:// my ipv4:8080/ .
/pre/  BUILD_NUMBER is a global variable used in Jenkins but I cannot get it to resolve.
/pre/  Code to get value in Jenkins: .
I found this one in Jenkins logs.
I guess this two things are related to Jenkins.
But when try to run through Jenkins Job it’s giving below error message: .
I get an error when I build a project in Jenkins,it seems like the python has some problems,but I do n't know how to deal with it.
In order to fix this issue, in case that you ca n't delete the PATH global property from "Manage Jenkins -> Configure System", you should add the following step: .
But once it appears on CI/CD (we use Jenkins) I got a failed build.
After removal of existing account all the workspaes for old account was deleted in my linux Jenkins server.
/pre/  I can get a test working through Visual Studio, but fails during a build on Jenkins.
How can I run Selenium tests in Firefox headless mode when running Jenkins as a Windows Service?
I want to upload file as  a build parameter as apart of jenkins pipeline job, I tried File parameter but, it is not uploading file.
While building inside jenkins (Inside the docker container), I 'm not able to access our DNS server to resolve the URL.
Thus when running Jenkins inside Docker you will need access to connect to the deamon.
This can be achived by either mounting the docker binaries, or installing the  client binaries inside the Jenkins container.
/pre/  I am passing Hostname and Password parameter from Jenkins.
While running tests in jenkins, Allure created reports as expected, however there are few exceptions in the console for xml files generated by allure.
Could not parse file /home/jenkins/workspace/xxx_trunk-H4U6TKVVIR44VYBZR7Q53HWUDRP5C3JJEEVZOEYQTCQK53LROIJA/.ci-reports/allure-results/da669b14-4d30-4260-8815-eab1f720661b-attachment.xml: {} org.xml.sax.SAXParseException; systemId: file:/home/jenkins/workspace/amp-adengine_trunk-H4U6TKVVIR44VYBZR7Q53HWUDRP5C3JJEEVZOEYQTCQK53LROIJA/.ci-reports/allure-results/da669b14-4d30-4260-8815-eab1f720661b-attachment.xml; lineNumber: 1; columnNumber: 1; Content is not allowed in prolog.
The problem was that the Oracle JDK autoinstall did n't really do anything on my system (confirmed by checking Jenkins' system properties for Java).
The results are reported from a runner that runs on jenkins.
I am getting this error when I  click on /Jenkins: .
I have been having issues getting Jenkins to use the same SSL certificates and run on Secured port 443.
/pre/  My Dockerfile runs as expected when doing it local, I can run the container and do /code/ and /code/ will return /code/, everything just work as expected except in jenkins.
The Jenkins executes all unit tests but in the end I 'm getting this message in output: .
I dont know what is happening, what are this "errors", I think maybe the problem is that Jenkins coud not close the UI window opened by UWP Unit Test App, but I 'm not sure.
I 'm only working with Cucumber without Jenkins.
I 'm trying to run a Docker image from a Jenkins pipeline but I am getting this common permission error: .
I am new to Jenkins and i am facing some issues.
Issue 3: How do i view Jenkins logs or debug the steps where Jenkins login wasnt successful ?
The only change in environment I could see is the introduction of another UWP surface (HOSTNAME) which is connected through jenkins slave.
On top of that I have set up my webhook to send a request to jenkins.
and my analysis is successful in Jenkins but reports are not being published on sonarserver.
I have it so right now in the Jenkins script that the final action is that it emails me a message with 'foobar please fix me' in it.
When I run the make command in terminal it works, but when I do it through Jenkins, it shows me a message that files are missing.
I 'm trying to execute my test suite via Jenkins using Firefox headless but I keep getting an error and I ca n't figure out how to solve it.
/pre/  But when I run sbt as the jenkins user, it tries to download sbt 1.1.6 again and eventually fails when it tries to modify an apt system file.
During my first installation of Jenkins on CentOS7, I 've encountered this tough problem.
The switch to 1.1 was in /url/, so you should not be affected by that message when upgrading Jenkins .
However, if I type the same url in jenkins where I am logged in using github, I get the crumb properly.
After starting Jenkins, I get hit with the error .
I ca n't seem to get Jenkins started without switching from XML Ver 1.1 to 1.0 .
I was able to start jenkins local server by firing below command .
However, when I trigger the build from Jenkins I always miss the secondary references, i.e.
It seems that deleteDir() can be used in pipeline to wipe out a workspace, but I still cannot do it manually from Jenkins web page.
Put above command into Jenkins job with the name such as "OpenRDP_ToVMXXX, and then you can run any test on slave 1 with GUI enabled, enjoy.
/pre/  and I am getting following error in jenkins: .
I am using jenkins-test-harness to run some tests on my jenkins library code, but when it executes the tests I get the following error for each test :  .
/pre/  The test will pass (if it should pass), but it then takes about 75 seconds for the jenkins server to shut down.
I updated my explicit wait by passing an additional async function, and this cleared up the problem entirely in Jenkins.
/pre/  The problem is deploying a branch to stage is optional, but Jenkins does n't return a success code to Github until it 's done.
/pre/  I am getting this error only in jenkins .
The error message you get, shows that the problem is not in your Jenkins, but that the build of your MySampleProject fails.
[INFO] Compiling 13 source files to /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/addNewEquip/EquipOptimizationApi/AddNewEquipment/target/classes           [INFO] -------------------------------------------------------------           [ERROR] COMPILATION ERROR :            [INFO] -------------------------------------------------------------           [ERROR] No compiler is provided in this environment.
[ERROR]            [ERROR] For more information about the errors and possible solutions, please read the following articles:           [ERROR] [Help 1] /url/           [Pipeline] }           [withMaven] Jenkins Task Scanner Plugin not found, do n't display results of source code scanning for 'TODO' and 'FIXME' in   pipeline screen.
Then add a rule in Jenkins Git plugin to ignore commits with that message ("Polling ignores commit with certain messages" using exact or a pattern).
Jenkins provide settings to proxy server.
While automation runs from a remote machine(ran from jenkins with 3 hrs of interval) we are obtaining a pop up for  'verify its you'.
My problem is that Jenkins wants to load opencv dependency but it 's not on a git, how can I tell jenkins not to load opencv ?
/pre/  Is there anything specific that could cause this error in Jenkins?
I have the following problem, when executing Jenkins Job, I get the following error: .
I applied changes and saved afterwards, and then come back, and see that Jenkins has hashed my saved password in the password field, as that 8 to 16 character password of mine is not there.
However, when I run it from Jenkins server Pipeline context, it is failing at the above line with an error: docker: command not found .
I want to automatizate it executing the yaml file generated by shiftlef and then execute Taurus from jenkins job.
I have a similar setup working: Gitea and Jenkins both run in their own containers on the same network, the whole thing is managed by docker-compose.
Also, Gitea is hosted in the sub-path /code/: I have a bunch of other things in the compose file and wanted to avoid having to explicitly specify ports, so I added an nginx instance as a reverse proxy that routes /code/ requests to Jenkins' container, and /code/ requests to Gitea 's.
I did not find it in the jenkins console output.
Everything works fine except for jenkins (not running inside a docker container).
This seems to work fine, but only for the main html page of jenkins, other files needed are n't loaded correctly.
So when I open my page mypagename.com/jenkins the first request is send to the right address.
I faced the same problem, restarting Jenkins worked for me.
(Correct me if I am wrong, the script which is going to be part of Extended parameter is going to run on Jenkins master node (and not on the Slave node) and not sure how do I get the AWS credentials) .
How can I introduce new lines in the message while it is opened in the url /code/ through running log in Jenkins?
How is it performed using jenkins file?
Jenkins job gets the fixed (updated proejct xml after fix from SVN repository) tests and rerun all the passed and failed tests again.
Is there a way to re-run only the failed test in Jenkins?
Note: If your Jenkins setup as a local server (the url as /url/), then you need to queue VSTS build by private agent which also located in the same machine.
Now when pull request is created or updated for merging into the target branch, VSTS build will be triggered immediately, and the Jenkins job will also be queued during VSTS build.
I am getting compilation error when I run jenkins build.
Mine is a maven project and the code comes from svn, it works well locally, Only if I run it on Jenkins I get compilation error: .
The above mentioned method is present and it 's all working fine locally, Only on Jenkins it 's causing some issue, Please do help.
The branch you are checking out in jenkins is same as you have checked in your local .
/pre/  This works fine on Jenkins, but failed to work on my local machine using pyCharm.
Current stumbling block is finding a docker image to run jenkins within PHP, most of the images I 've found are out of date (have n't been updated in a year) and then do n't work when you try to run through the jenkins setup.
The problem here though is that we do n't want to install jenkins on all our production servers.
/pre/  but my issue is that i do n't want to hard code this path ${project.basedir}/ojdbc7.jar Because I run this in Jenkins and it failed.
I am facing some issues in fetching Jenkins build data into influxDB.
I also had to maintain "localhost" instead of jenkins.server.com even though localhost will not launch Jenkins in the browser.
I believe that error you experience comes from Jenkins not being allowed to run docker on the Jenkins EC2 instance.
In order to check this you have to enable shell usage from within Jenkins, then switch to it and if you execute /code/ you should be greeted with the same error.
/pre/  This works fine on my machine, when I login to the jenkins machine it works fine.
But, when jenkins executes the build I get the following error: .
The branch scan happens on the Jenkins master, which obviously will need acess to the Git Service.
Jenkins ca n't resolve my (single, POC) class: .
/url/I have TFS server and JOB on Jenkins, which works always when developer make changes.
Getting this error while providing build path in Jenkins.
The problem is that this takes a couple minutes to reach that conclusion, and for the overall list of builds on that Jenkins server, half are failed due to this exact scenario, cluttering the list of builds for that job.
Any ideas why the jenkins server does not know where node is?
I 'd consider this a bug in Jenkins.
I created a simple recipe and tested it on a test Kitchen and it works well but when I upload it to Jenkins it wo n't pass.
/pre/  errors from Jenkins .
It seems that some overnight Jenkins jobs are failing intermittently, so they only fail sometimes.
/pre/  This behaviour is seen on my laptop, my collegue laptop, and a Jenkins Docker image, so does not seem to be an environment issue.
I know how to display "pytest" results in Jenkins: .
I need a way (in a jenkinsfile) to access the variables that are configured on a particular jenkins slave machine.
But when I am trying to run it from Jenkins hosted on my local machine it is giving me an error.
/pre/  I am getting following error while running it from jenkins (jenkins is running on my local machine),  .
I want to list all running workers in current job, but jenkins just fails without printing any error.
So Jenkins stops at /code/ There is no error produced, just a build fail.
There are no errors in jenkins.log file.
So jenkins user ca n't access this file.
My main concern is keeping this Jenkins directory backed up in git but only the necessary files.
However, when I run it from Jenkins server Pipeline context, it is failing at the above line with an error:  .
In my specific case I had rsync'ed jobs to a test server and forgot to update file ownership to match the user Jenkins runs under on the test system.
There are probably a number of reasons why this error can occur, but I would start by reviewing the files and directories under /code/ to verify that the user running the Jenkins process can read and write to them.
I need the Jenkins job to show success if any of the following situations occur: .
I am getting the "Please wait while Jenkins is restarting" issue , I have restarted the Jenkins service but it still is n't working , I tried to install a plugin yesterday and since then it 's showing me that message.
It 's a known security fix in Jenkins /url/.
And then the CI server (Jenkins) would pick up the new changes and run the tests again.
/pre/  Restart Jenkins and see if the issue persists.
And throws in the Jenkins log: .
I 've got a problem with post-receive hooks and Jenkins integration.
If I however commit/push something to the GIT-repo, I can see that the post-receive-hook is executed (as I see it in the tortoisegit window), but the jenkins job is not executed!
My jenkins job is also configured to run a /url/ at the end.
Anybody has any idea if the scapegoat xml generated in jenkins is directly picked by sonar or am i still missing some configuration?
In this case we can change the location of missing file(i.e which is not found by jenkins while exection) to folder where .sln file placed.We can do this process manually or we can write execution script to automate this process.
Jenkins will start the test on a schedule, the browser comes up but the test fails because the page is blank.
I am trying to run a cucumber maven project from jenkins The test is running 1 but the browser is not opening the error is: .
However, the Jenkins build gives back /code/ .
I do not understand why Jenkins has a problem with the permissions - jenkins is running with user tomcat, so everything should be fine?
Today I also got this error inside Jenkins running on Google Kubernetes Engine when pushing the docker container.
chown: cannot access '/var/jenkins_home/files': No such file or directory .
test from jenkins , the problem is that i am doing a login to my application and checking some element visibility , when i run the test from the batch file directly i got a success because i 'm setting my google chrome driver to maximize using: .
can someone correct for me if i 'm wrong , and some help of how to maximize the browser when running from jenkins?
I guess it 's because /var/jenkins_home/ is volume.
You also need to restart the Jenkins Server.
/pre/  If I just run the above jenkins file form the /code/ it fails with the following error.
i Expect the Jenkins mark the job as Aborted.
1) Is there anyway to reduce the transaction events from Jenkins checkout 2) Is it mandatory to log each and every transaction on the server side where the file system size is really huge.
/pre/  Using an example payload I am able to to echo jenkins_data.actions.causes and see output however echoing jenkins_data.actions.causes.userId is null (even though the userId is definitely in the payload) .
I 've been able to get the site working on my main user account, but when I try to have Jenkins do it, it hits this error: .
/pre/  Which seems a little odd because the Jenkins has write permissions to that folder, if I 'm reading the permissions correctly: .
I am using Jenkins Pipeline to deploy and that is where I get an exception error.
Chances are: it is not running as Jenkins, but as your main account, which does not have the right to write in that folder.
Cause:  The SonarQube Server URL  in Manage Jenkins >> Configure System >> Quality Gates – SonarQube ends with a slash ‘/’.
Your example has nothing to do with Jenkins UI.
I tried to add a jar file retrofit in jenkins/jre/lib/ and in jenkins/workflow-libs/ but it did not help.I get the error unable to resolve class retrofit.Callback .
This may mean that you are out of disk space on the Jenkins server.
Although it is marked as fixed, however, I still see this error when my Jenkins server is out of space.
according to some forums, i have to import the browser certificate then put in Jenkins, the problem when i go to /code/ : It 's empty !
When you file an issue, make sure to add the   entire stack trace, along with the version of Jenkins and relevant   plugins.
/pre/  When Jenkins runs I get the following error .
Our Jenkins master has attached with multiple nodes.
As per error message for other repository build we have already added our Jenkins Master key with different user 's  account.
if you set schedule to be /code/ then Jenkins will poll SCM(TFS in this case) every hour and look for changes, if there are any it will build the job else it will not.
I have a Ubuntu 16.04 LTS machine where I am successfully connected to the Jenkins server via JNLP connection.
Please note: the test has to run overnight and headless automatically during a Jenkins job.
/pre/  My question is: How this file is processed by Jenkins?
I am trying to run my selenium automation tests on safari but I am facing an issue running through Jenkins.
Its when I try to run these tests through Jenkins that I run into issues.
for /url/ Now my question is the jenkins job consule ca n't display the emoji &amp; I have a ruby script to encode a Chinese url it return a wrong result.
Need to mail all the reports "overview-failures, overview-features, overview-steps, overview-tags, report-feature_features-publish-mediaLibrary-MediaLibrary-feature, report-tag_developement" from jenkins.
/pre/  These jobs run without problems on a Windows system itself, but not when running them withing Jenkins.
Finally, append a -X behind your goals on Jenkins to see maven logs in detail and debug your issue.
Someone has logged in to Jenkins and accessing files from workspace directly from file system but not via Jenkins.
/pre/  I can also see that the jenkins service is up: .
When you run your Selenium Suite from jenkins to particular server then /code/ doesnt work sometime.
We are now getting an error to indicate that Jenkins was unable to delete the workspace (full message to follow with identifying elements redacted.)
I am trying to ssh into an Ubuntu 16.04 server from a Jenkins build step but get "Permission denied, please try again".
However, i can ssh using the terminal from the Jenkins server to the Ubuntu 16.04 server without an issue.
On the Jenkins server my permissions look correct: .
/pre/  This command will prevent systemd from starting jenkins the next time you reboot.
I have a Jenkins pipeline that executes a program in a remote server that uses pywin to manipulate an application for functional tests.
My application works great while I have the remote desktop oppened but when I close the remote desktop and run it from Jenkins, the app gets lost.
SECURITY-440 / CVE-2018-1000601   SSH Credentials Plugin allowed the creation of SSH credentials with keys "From a file on Jenkins master".
SSH Credentials Plugin no longer supports SSH credentials from files on the Jenkins master file system, neither user-specified file paths nor ~/.ssh.
This works on our Jenkins box, but on my local Windows machine no text gets appended to the end of the lint command.
/pre/  Above ajax call comes from a remote server to a Jenkins job on some other server.
Jenkins is not allowing me to insert data in case my build is fail or pass.
Please let me know what things I missed or can be improved so that insert query starts working at Jenkins.
/pre/  Which cause Jenkins try to extract pom file, which fails.
This is more suitable for automatic runs (Jenkins agent must run in this active desktop, it ca n't be run as a service at all).
My Jenkins pipeline shared library can send notification on demand.
Second: Store your credentials in Jenkins  .
The first trait is working fine 'TagDiscoveryTrait' but second (my change) does n't apply on Jenkins restart, 'TagBuildStrategyImpl'.
"Runtime Error   /Users/Jenkins/slaveroot/workspace/Templates/label/Android/subrepos/composer/composer.lua:1451:   ?
Unfortunately, when I try to execute them from Jenkins (on exactly the same machine), only the first command is executed properly.
did jenkins API work for you, /url/ you can trigger remote jobs .
I am trying to solve the issue with /url/ warning I get in Jenkins.
/pre/  And from Jenkins you can deserialize the file into a JSON object using: .
Right now I 'm running Jenkins as windows service.
I 'd like to try running Jenkins through jenkins.war, however the first thing I 've noticed is that it begins all the configuration prompting about plugins etc.
/pre/  The /code/ command always throws this error in jenkins .
The issue is only on Jenkins, not on server.
this is an almost vanilla jenkins running on top of mesos Jenkins version is 2.128 When I inspected the running page, I found this in the network->response tab of the debugger.
But as soon as I make changes and push them to the repository, Jenkins does n't see them and claims everything is fine.
Found the problem, my Nginx config file is totally correct, Jenkins server working fine, but it is because of SELinux which makes Nginx fail to pass request to Jenkins.
In Jenkins Extent reports Screenshots are blank.But in local the screenshots are visible.
But when we open same report from Jenkins via HTML publisher the screenshots are blank.
Error Message:     /root/.jenkins/workspace/soapui-project/build.xml:2: The markup in the document preceding the root element must be well-formed.
This error message is shown when i have build on Jenkins of this code.this is a small part of my XML soapUI file.
/pre/  The matter is that my Nginx fails the same like wget, I get Error 502 Bad Gateway on Nginx when trying to route to Jenkins: .
I am using GitLab and I ca n't cloned Git repository in Jenkins when I paste it I get this error  /url/ .
The issue is that for some reason Jenkins does n't have access to the certificates chain of the Jenkins updates service.
On Ubuntu 18.04 I had this issue and the next links and instructions helped me to start Jenkins properly without modifying the default url or using a proxy of some sort.
However, in Jenkins 1.x was able to pass the parameter from upstream to downstream without defining the parameter in the upstream project.
All three "advanced" options are checked (keep past reports, link to last build, allow missing reports) and we copy everything (**/*)  Jenkins is 2.121 running on Windows Server 2012.
That all works well and the tests are run and i can see the output in the Jenkins console.
The problem is that if i have failing tests nothing happens - jenkins goes merrily along and finished up the build process and reports it as a success.
I know there are xUnit Jenkins plugins but they all seem to revolve around "display the results of xUnit tests".
/pre/     "The stream or file   "/var/lib/jenkins/workspace/ytl/storage/logs/laravel.log" could not be   opened: failed to open stream: Permission denied" .
My problem is that I would like to do the same thing but through Jenkins.
I have my jenkins server running as a container (using jenkinsci/blueocean image).
But I am confused how to trigger jenkins job from Linux server to execute the Jar file in windows machine.
I know the problem is on my local environment because jenkins and my peers can build the code fine.
/pre/  But when I run that same code in my build pipeline on Jenkins, the images do n't get created.
The Jenkins agent has permission to write files because the directory where I 'm dumping to HTML report gets created.
The only blocker is when you try running the exact same process in Jenkins.
Chances are that the keychain is locked, not for the user, but for Jenkins sub-processes.
Jenkins Job DSL introduced Script Security in 1.6, this gives some builds the following error: .
$docker -v /tmp/jenkins2434753345979877863.sh: 2: /tmp/jenkins2434753345979877863.sh: docker: not found Build step 'Execute shell' marked build as failure Finished: FAILURE .
Jenkins build gets failed, when unit test cases are failed, Here am using pipeline script in jenkins, Need to generate HTML report using mocha-awesome, I can get the HTML report only when all test cases are passed, Build fails if any functions failed in my testcases./url/ .
Our testcases had been running with the following code for some time but now are failing on Jenkins: .
The most likely explanation for the behavior you 're observing is that you recently switched to this release on Jenkins and that probably you still work locally on a previous version, which can explain the difference and the change in behavior with a change in the code.
/pre/  I am planning to run Jenkins and needs JunitXml reports.
So if the libvirt-client (slave) is saying hello to jenkins you should probably wait some secs to let this poor guy breath a bit.
Prevent jenkins from being accessed outside of the server in port 8080: .
I change the Jenkins job configuration to filter the output logs of the Ready API.
use a single assertion when run on Jenkins (with the full set of data) - here we 're only interested in the logs, not the console output .
If you ever ever ever get this error message you have a jenkins process running in port 8080.
One possible cause could be that GitHub is unable to connect to Jenkins directly due to a firewall.
More information about Toad Edge and Jenkins here: /url/ .
I create a /url/  After I run it, I ca n't see nothing in /url/ in Jenkins.
We have a Jenkins pipeline script that requests approval from the user after all the preparatory steps are complete, before it actually applies the changes.
I thought deploying the module using /code/ or detached process using /code/, however in that case Jenkins will report Success even if my server throws an exception and exits.
a jenkins pipeline job with a script from SVN can be checked out and run but gets the same error.
Jenkins could n't sync SCM 's master, so was n't able to get json changes.
Currently Jenkins slave is running as Window services which is creating problem.
I got the same exception, running a barebones Jenkins instance inside a Docker container.
I have custom generated XML test reports that is pushed to jenkins.
Hygieia Test Result Publisher - Looking for file pattern '*.xml' in   directory  Hygieia Test Publisher: Processing file:   /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/testdisplay/SAMPLE-UNITTEST/unitTest/UnitTestReport.xml   Hygieia Publisher: Error Parsing File:   /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/testdisplay/SAMPLE-UNITTEST/unitTest/UnitTestReport.xml   Hygieia: Published Test Data.
I am getting below error when I try to install Jenkins Slave as a service.
I finally detected this problem by submit to Jenkins CI after wasted hours of time.
No idea why as Jenkins does not complain but /code/ is empty.
I try to GET data in JSON format from the local jenkins REST API.
I am running Jenkins server on which sonarqube docker container is running but we stop this server once build is done hence the sonarqube container 's setting is lost, is there any way for it.
passing secrets from jenkins that has secrets decrypted (ie console creds to vmware cluster) from chef server.
works locally, but jenkins errors out with 'no suitable classloader found for grab'.
When I try to install any plugin on my Jenkins server, I get below error in the browser.
/pre/  The master branch exists, but Jenkins keeps doing NPE all the time : .
In my case, jenkins error was throwed by org.jvnet.hudson.test.HudsonTestCase and the error was that I was using an environment variable to create the url so in test environment this variable was null.
The code works fine when I run it on my local..and it works fine when I manually run the pscp transfer command on the remote windows server where Jenkins is building the project.
But for whatever reason when the project is built through Jenkins ...the command is not getting issued.
But only after I had resolved an issue caused by the fact I had not configured my tools (maven and the JDK) correctly in Jenkins either.
On the Jenkins Server run /url/ and look for orphaned Git Processes.
To test if this works, back in Jenkins retype the git repo path (that causes a refresh) and then you wont see the error trying to connect to Git.
/pre/  within a Jenkins pipeline, and got the following weird error message: .
If a branch is deleted or the jenkinsfile is removed jenkins will remove the job.
The jenkins URL is defined correctly (including username, api-token, token and various parameters) so the job starts as expected.
So, after logging into ec2 instance, I 'm doing /code/ to log into Jenkins user.
/pre/  When running the CMakeLists on a Jenkins, following error is generated: .
/pre/  Despite of having /code/ , the userdetail table does not seem to be created while running my tests in the jenkins server.
/pre/  (IMPORTANT HERE) Digging even further into jenkins logs, it seems that mysql does not like my User entity definition... .
So, I am trying to automate a database creation process with a version of Jenkins, however, I am stuck on the command: .
The command works locally on git bash but when I ran it through the Jenkins Pipeline I get a 400 bad request error telling me that the required body is missing.
I looked through the Pull Requests for the branch and I can not find anything that affected by the Jenkins file in the time frame where this branch drop occurred.
I have looked through the Jenkins system log and I do not see any errors.
So, seemingly, an error code is not returned to Jenkins.
I am asking for help to make the error notify Jenkins that the build step has failed.
The reason it happens is because the Jenkins slave tries to make connection with the Master and gets a denial.
In Jenkins, however, any /code/ step returning non-zero status is treated as failure.
My Jenkins output/log(after build) for this job goes like this: .
It is non-serializable, and therefore will cause an error in the Jenkins Pipeline if it persists after its last use.
have problems with my java tests on Cucumber when i run them via jenkins on remote host.
/pre/  What i tried: it works locally it works on remote machine(without jenkins) change window size - doesnt help change sleep on 35000ms - doesnt help .
So you need to restart your jenkins afterwards.
I restarted Jenkins and Windows but nothing worked.
I was also facing the same issue after I installed Jenkins and tried to login.
I have just installed the jenkins in mac while connection bitbucket and jenkins i am getting this errors                                             Failed to connect to repository : Command "git ls-remote -h /url/ HEAD" returned status code 128: stdout:  stderr: fatal: unable to access '/url/': Port number ended with 'p' .
For one of the application, Jenkins job was failing due to the post-deploy test cases failures.
Because of that the job is continuously executing the job until it succeeds.Can we configure Jenkins to retry failed builds only 1/2 times.
I also assume that you have already configured your Jenkins Job be triggered by a webhook or by polling.
I have a file that has a list of feature acceptance tests I desire to be executed in Jenkins during pull requests.
This file needs to be checked in so that Jenkins has access to it, but it also means it will be different on every branch, depending upon the feature being worked on.
All the Test Scripts, null check validation, Schema Validation has been failing in CMD and in jenkins.
When running tests remotely on the Jenkins slaves it works some of the times .i.e.
When running tests not in mobile emulation I have no issues with clicks both locally or on Jenkins.
Since its deploying the code in nexus once we run the job but still I 'm getting error in Jenkins.
No mater what I try, Jenkins keeps saying /code/ I 'm hoping someone can spot what is wrong as I have spent hours trying to solve this to no avail.
The Jenkins groovy script supplied by our platform ops team originally handled gpg encrypted files but as developers we found the whole development process really error-prone and adapted the script to work decrypt the passwords from string variables instead of files.
It occurred to me that there might be an easier way to decrypt strings than /code/ but I have n't found one - the main requirement being that it can be implemented on Jenkins.
/pre/  I lose all the changes I made to the jenkins image in a previous session and it always creates a new image.
The problem is that when I try to access the Jenkins dashboard by entering the dns of this form: /url/, I get 404 not found nginx.
This is due to the fact that Jenkins enforces certain security measure,so as to not call any method that can perform malicious or unhealthy stuff inside your infrastructure.
Q2) Since both Splunk and Jenkins are running on different ports though they have same host name then I believe there should not be any connectivity issue.
Q3) Am I missing anything to confure Splunk with Jenkins finally.
If Jenkins has already run under the system 's Local Service account (even for a moment), there MIGHT be permissions issues because your account certainly does not have the same permissions and Jenkins MIGHT have created files that it can not access under your account.
You might have to do a clean install, making sure to change the service configuration before you start Jenkins for the first time.
This is probably not what you want to do for an instance of Jenkins used by others; for that, you would leave Jenkins running as a service under the local system account, and work with your IT/InfoSecurity department to get the variable defined as a system variable as you did working with the people who responded to an earlier answer.
/pre/  but in that case no reference is created between the Artifactory to the Jenkins.
/pre/  Only you need to create a folder with a docker-compose.yml file inside and execute the /code/ command in terminal, then the folders jenkins-data and sock will be created and inside of jenkins-data appear the directory ./jenkins-data/secrets/initialAdminPassword, open this file and copy the content and paste on the input of web view that requires it.
However, I cannot perform my necessary rest calls to the Jenkins job because of this flawed xml file.
I am able to build a Jenkins job with its parameters' default values by sending a POST call to /url/ .
Getting this error on jenkins job console when my test cases is running with Appium and java.Checked that appium server is up and running  Appium version 1.8.1 .
I got close to something using a .BAT file but then hit a brick wall as I could n't pull in environment variables from a windows bat file for use in Jenkins.
When I build, I 'm running some unit tests that create some log files which I want to be stored as part of the Jenkins build.
If someone chooses running Jenkins as a Docker container, may face the same problem with me.
One of our developers found issues with AddressSanitizer on his machine (OS X) that were not caught by our CI (Jenkins on Linux).
This tool will run on a headless server via Jenkins call.
I have SonarQube Server and Jenkins instance running on Windows machine.
But later I get error in jenkins .
I 'm using Data Provider to pass the browsers combinations from Jenkins to the json objects.
Can someone explain what I am doing wrong and why the Node.js Docker image is tried being pulled inside Jenkins instead of the local machine?
 To get rid of this error i got Jenkins-Crumb by using wget command.
Is it possible to get Jenkins to build and run tests (etc) on this commit rather than the head of the PR branch.
Jenkins location - System Admin e-mail address .
Since i 'm running with jenkins i tried putting in the launch params of ant both JlocalDB/DLocalDB/LocalDB nothing works.
Since this is an enterprise jenkins, I do not have permission to see the main logs of jenkins to see what is getting delivered while I make a request.
/pre/  Pushed the image to the Registry from Jenkins(also works): .
We test over Jenkins and the problem is that Jenkins does n't have access to this API.
When we try to run our Jenkins jobs, automated test cases were run successfully but we were stuck in xUnitIgnoredTests.py when this part is executing.
My Sonarqube scanner is throwing below error, I am using Sonarqube-5.6.6, Sonar Plugin 2.3 and Jenkins version is 1.625 &amp; Java 8.
I have a situation where in I need to copy set of files to a windows server through Jenkins.
You may also read and write this property using the jenkins script console for temporary changes or to just give it a try as it takes effect immediately, e.g.
/pre/  how do i access these values of commit inside my jenkins pipeline, where i have configured a webhook for SCM polling?
I am getting an error in jenkins console at Publish Testng results step  .
I first moved my cacerts file to be sure that Jenkins actually tries to reach that file.
After I could approve that Jenkins uses this file, I used Portecle to view all my Certificates in my cacerts, then imported the missing ones:  .
I found my certificate in the jenkins.xml (my tomcat and Jenkins run on the same server) and put it in my cacerts and my other .jks file.
When i triggered build job in A Jenkins, it is triggering only 1 build job in B Jenkins (In that particular folder there will be 6 build jobs and all of them has to get triggered) and then it is failing with the below mentioned issue.
The issue is: Jenkins cannot find it.
The GIT_COMMITTER_NAME is the user that the Jenkins server would commit as, and is unrelated to the change sets pulled down for the build.
How can I easily add another "jenkins" username (possibly with its own cert) in the config file?
/pre/  The Jenkins build is failing because of the following message: .
I am not sure how Jenkins would handle it if there were merge conflicts.
Note that it did not start occurring after a Jenkins upgrade - i 'm not exactly sure when / what caused the issue to occur, as I am taking ownership of a cluster of Jenkins masters.
I tried creating a new Jenkins instance and copying in the Jenkins home from the problematic one, inc plugins, but iI have n't been able to get it to a state where I can reproduce the issue cleanly.
And in the Jenkins job, I see the message:  .
Issue: Whenever I run the build on Jenkins, emulator launch successfully and appium server started but it gives me the error" zero devices connected" But when I run adb device on the console it is showing me the attached device.
/pre/  this might work but if still your test cases are failing , one more thing you have to do..its generally done when you are executing Jenkins &amp; Selenium on cloud machine in your company network and authentication is needed because it might blocking , so what you have to do is- .
If Jenkins decides to pause your script after you have stored the result in a local variable that is serialized by Jenkins that is when you get the exception.
I 'm creating a new pipeline in Jenkins Blue Ocean and when trying to commit changes changes to git getting this error after several minutes .
Below code is working fine when running on local, however throwing exception while running the same via jenkins.
/pre/  getting this exception when running the same code from jenkins, however this code works fine when i run on local machine .
This causes problems in my Jenkins box where I get the following error: .
the easiest way is to generate your test results as JUnit file, jenkins can pick that up and your build status is automatically changed.
/pre/  Getting this error on jenkins while running the build: .
However, when I run on Jenkins, on Linux server in selenium grid, I have strange error: .
Is there a way to read a file post build in Jenkins and change the status of the build?
But, the problem is Jenkins always says it as a success regardless of the status of the results in the log file.
Is there any way to read a few lines from the log file in Jenkins post build and change the status of the build accordingly before sending the email?
In my case, it was an issue with test failures in old Jenkins builds.
There is nothing special to do with regards to Jenkins.
I did some research about Jenkins UI freeze and found that in most of the times it happens due to the java garbage collector.
enable GC logging for your Jenkins instance .
To prevent reconnect after manual disconnect, do n't configure Jenkins to /code/.
Even I was facing same problem during jenkins build.
However, when we build the image in our CI/CD pipeline with Jenkins we get a runtime exception when running through a specific process which apparently requires additional fonts: .
I 've checked both jar files (locally and from jenkins) and the class files are the same (as expected).
Note: Jenkins is not ignoring the tests, its like they 're simply not getting recognized.
/pre/  This command works absolutely fine and triggers the remote Jenkins job successfully when tried from the terminal, but it gives an error /code/ when tried through another Jenkins job on another Jenkins instance (Execute shell).
My recent Jenkins build failed with the following message: .
after upgrading jenkins due to security informations, the ssh remote host connection is not working anymore.
This is quite helpful when working with CI servers (like Jenkins), which are usually employed to orchestrate and execute such jobs, that  .
I always deploy my application with Jenkins, and the deploys to Tomcat are successful, the application is working, but if I invoke an action that consumes a database service, it goes haywire with this error.
git init /Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home/workspace/Test_Digital_Devops_repo # timeout=10   Fetching upstream changes from /url/   git --version # timeout=10   using GIT_ASKPASS to set credentials Standalone123n   git fetch --tags --progress /url/ +refs/heads/:refs/remotes/origin/ .
Same error I am getting in Jenkins also.
I get following error on Jenkins ERROR: No such file /Users/xxx/Documents/WorkSpace/project-test/pom.xml Perhaps you need to specify the correct POM file path in the project configuration?
Besides, we are running multiple Jenkins slaves process.
Is there any possibility to configure Jenkins in order to run my tests on a real Android device instead of the simulator ?
Part of a Jenkins job I 'm running entails installing /code/; the Jenkins job is running on a docker image over which I have control, but still I ca n't seem to get /code/ to install.
The Jenkins script does n't have root access so I ca n't run /code/ there.
Brief Background about problem: While passing the PASSWORD as MAVEN GOAL (Parameter), it was coming in Jenkins Console as a plain text.
/pre/  The same script works in another Jenkins (2.7.4).
/pre/  When you /code/ (you may want to incorporate this into a ready to run example like /url/ where the .groovy scripts pre-configure Jenkins to be useful on startup) and then you will be able to have your jobs clone into the $JENKINS_HOME/workspace directory and should n't get errors about missing files/etc because the host and container paths will match, and then running further containers from within the Docker-in-Docker should work as well.
I still had some issues when trying to run with Jenkins and nohup not being on path, but it was solved by /url/ (/url/).
My Jenkins output/log(after build) for this job now goes like this: .
when i try to restart jenkins through UI, am not able to do it getting the exception "Jenkins cannot restart itself as currently configured."
It seems that the /url/ is wrong, the /code/ step is not a part of Jenkins core.
There are many PRs being built all day each day, from separate Jenkins slaves (using a shared docker host) that they may be trashing each others cache.
Try to reload jenkins slave (or master) to see changes if you 've added it to PATH before.
Currently that is a syntax error when Jenkins tries to read the Jenkinsfile.
I think what you 're looking for is a longer-running jenkins server (with or without slaves) to run through setting up, running unit tests, integration tests, and so on.
It worked when I tried to manually git clone on the windows slave, but the error "stderr: Host key verification failed" occurred when I tried to trigger a build on the Jenkins master.
It turned out that, I started the Jenkins agent windows service as the "Local System Account".
When I look at Gitlab Hook plugin in Jenkins, I see a big red warning saying it is not safe ("Gitlab API token stored and displayed in plain text").
I have a small problem about JMeter integration with Jenkins and I hope you can solve it.
Serious, but it does require access to the Jenkins server filesystem, or it requires Jenkins administration level.
the access to the Jenkins server is properly monitored .
My only problem is that the password is visible in jenkins logs (console output) after every build.
Try to execute the git command that causes to error on the Jenkins server as the Jenkins user.
Brief Background about problem: While passing the PASSWORD as MAVEN GOAL (Parameter), it was coming in Jenkins Console as a plain text.
/pre/  The problem i found was that i need not only to install git in the image which is not difficult, but also that i need jenkins git credentials to be copied to the image in order for the release plugin to push changes to git repo.
Then I tried adding the PATH to the bashrc file for the user Jenkins is logging in as.
Now I can re-ssh to the box and git commands work but Jenkins is still getting the same error.
However, when running my jest test on an automated linux machine (Jenkins), it 's still throwing the same error.
However, the generated JUnit reports just state that there was no test being executed so that failing workers went unnoticed in our Jenkins.
1) Please Check if jenkins is running.
It 's just as likely to call the jenkins API again and again for a job URL that was already checked.
I need to extract the part of the jenkins log that contains just the error description and stack trace so that I can send it in an email (which I do using the jenkins email ext plugin in the pipeline).
Please check the Slave/Build Server space, where your jenkins job is executed.
is what 's going on here - your Jenkins ca n't confirm that /code/ is legitimate, so it 's bailing on the whole procedure.
Does Jenkins have a known_hosts file you can add that server to?
We have configured using jenkins and executed the batch jobs and it was working fine for more than a year .
Brief Background about problem: While passing the PASSWORD as MAVEN GOAL (Parameter), it was coming in Jenkins Console as a plain text.
On all Jenkins nodes where this would be probably running (that is all including the master if it has some executors configured) you 'll need to make sure to have a working ssh configuration.
I am trying to send /code/ URL in email once the Jenkins job is completed.
Suspecting that it might be an issue with the master running Linux and the slave running Windows, I tried setting both of these variables on the build node itself (I made sure to set USERPROFILE explicitly, even though it already should be defined), as well as in the build node environment variable configuration in the Jenkins UI.
I finally did it on a Jenkins server, where I created a job that is invoked when commits are pushed into a specific branch.
If I move a job in Jenkins (/url/), from the default directory to a Folder I have created, i get an error: .
However, the Jenkins run ca n't recognize this and return an error.
During a Windows update, our jenkins server was shutdown without preparing for a shutdown.
/pre/  and when I reloaded the /url/ with the new port, jenkins was correctly running.
Any ideas as to why jenkins was n't displaying on port 8080, or what could be going wrong?
Then Jenkins would generate a random meaningless string to identify them, which ca n't help normal human to separate them with certainty.
/pre/  This is my pipeline code for creating docker images error while running jenkins job:nohup: failed to run command  'sh': No such file or directory Can any one help me with this issue.
I 've an issue: When I 've a jenkins blue ocean window, it works fine, but if I go away and come back like 10 minutes afters, it automatically reloads the page, by example: .
We are running jenkins on a windows server.
/pre/  This runs fine as expected, but when I try to run it via jenkins I get the error .
I 'm facing strange problem with Jenkins JaCoCo code report plugin.
/pre/  I am always getting following logs in jenkins .
When use the same code with same command in Jenkins I get this error: .
So what I want to do is if there is no compilation errors on compile.bat, then proceed on run.bat, but right now even though there are some errors on the java file and when the compile.bat runs, it catches those errors, Jenkins still proceeds to the run.bat file and at the end passes the build.
I had issues getting a my first PS script to run via jenkins until I did the following.
This is a possible bug in Jenkins, see: /url/ .
Jenkins is designed to set an automatic fail when the exit code of your script is 1.
The issue was with Jenkins: for some reason when I deployed using execute shell migrations where not found for the first time.
I actually tried batch commands to trigger a scan from Jenkins, but it ends up showing this error.
I 've got Jenkins set up with an SSH keypair and have verified that it can clone the Bitbucket repository initially, but when the unit tests run and clone separate modules as part of the test, I get an error that the public key does not work.
/pre/  I 've verified that the build is running under the Jenkins user and that the keys are in the .ssh directory, what else can I try to fix it?
I am deploying a war package to Apache tomcat 8.0.52 using Jenkins post build,but Jenkins do not trigger "Deploy to Container step".The command output has no info or error information to log out,this is my build log: .
I have a similar error, where Jenkins is not able to parse pom.xml and create dir.
as permission denied error, so i have checked /var/jenkins_home/JOBS folder in jenkins agent, so the permission to USER is read only, so i have given write and execute permission to that folder from root, and so i am able to build jobs.
Seems like our jenkins slave was misconfigured.
The problem that you are having is that you have to specify on the Authorized** Field the same URL that you have defined as your {jenkins URL} environment variable.
All the Jenkins data including job configuration and builds are stored under /code/ inside the container.
Thus you can simply backup this folder and all the Jenkins state will be persisted.
The jenkins.err.log shows nothing useful.
I added the LOCALAPPDATA variable to the slave env variable configuration in the Jenkins UI, and that fixed it.
Is there something which i have missed to tell something to jenkins for pipeline job?
That way, you could either get it running from slaves with the /url/ right from your Jenkins node, or push to S3, internal web server, etc.
/pre/  It works locally, but in Jenkins pipeline, I get this error:  .
The error I see in the Jenkins build output is .
my problem is that when I report 2 or more failures \ errors, Jenkins shows just the first on.
Also I tried to gather all error to one detailed error but jenkins show it not clear.
I was building the dist folder via jenkins and in my script I copy a package.json file back in because each package.json file that I copy, points to a different server before the dist build - hence all the updates were getting overwritten by the old package.json file (i had forgotten to update this!!)...
Things were going well until I started hosting Jenkins on my local machine for a test.
Each time I have to go to JENKINS_HOME>config.xml and change &lt; useSecurity >true&lt; /useSecurity> to &lt; useSecurity>false&lt; /useSecurity> and re-start the Jenkins service.
I tried to create in a Jenkins job a choice parameter with the names of file get from a git repository but I did'nt succeed.
Ideally it would run the Seed Job script and output the generated XML somewhere without actually committing it to Jenkins.
I am trying to figure out how to "scope out" the steps to deploy to a local JBoss server and run these tests when the build is executing on Jenkins.
/pre/  Within the post-receive script I call jenkins to make a build.
/pre/  And nothing happens on the Jenkins build.
Here is a trick to chain together your calls causing Jenkins to return a failure if one fails: .
When I got another Jenkins pipeline to pull from the registry, I had to set /code/ in the /code/ file.
/pre/  The Jenkins job, however, exits successfully: .
/pre/  I am running the cups command on pcf and binding the service to my app, but when feed the properties file through jenkins pipeline, it errors out complaining that  it ca n't resolve the value mentioned above.
I Cannot connect to Xebia Deploy server from Jenkins getting below error .
I would like to know how I can integrate Jenkins with Jest for generate reports or logs about the test results.
If any of the tests failed, Jenkins  should not continue and should notify me.
my problem is that I can not see the JUnit log4j logs of my integration tests, when I run them on jenkins.
Frustratingly this is happening on a Jenkins slave machine - whereas my own Mac has no issue with 'pod update' and seems to get OpenSSL without problem... .
ZAP Scan is happening from the local Jenkins Instance and we can able see the progress and scan is getting completed.
When I execute a script through Jenkins, it first call the batch file on my windows machine which in turn call .yml file and lastly the .yml file calls the Jmeter script.This scenario was working fine from past 2-3 years but from last few days I am getting below error in Jenkins .
The plan is that whenever any code is checked in, Jenkins will trigger the pipeline.
I can see my event being sent from Github and viewing the payload shows the correct commit hases, but when the job is triggered, Jenkins is using a random commit.
I was running into this Jenkins error and I am pretty new with Jenkins and not knowing what 's going on.
If any testcase fail Jenkins will raise request to Jira.
I guess you want to copy Jenkins Slave artifact to master.
It works fine inside IntelliJ IDEA but fails on Jenkins with this message, .
I am trying to setup this whole thing in Jenkins and facing the following issues  1. cannot find symbol - Seeing this issue in Jenkins and searched about this in Stack Overflow .
We encountered the same issue, the root cause for our problem was that the stash instance we use for jenkins did crash.
If I go headless in Jenkins environment, the issue is not reproduced, however I do not want headless due to certain requirements.
Had the same behaviour trying to access jenkins through a reverse-proxy,  when jenkins installation was not yet completed.
Please find my Jenkins job error -  .
/pre/  While this did start Jenkins up, it proceeded to run the full set up process and overwrite some of the config files.
/pre/  I created multi-branch pipeline in Jenkins and when I try to run it, I got following error .
When I am running this test cases from Jenkins I am getting below   error:  .
But in jenkins tries to login in database as NT Authority/Network Service and that user is not present.
I have created a localhost Freestyle Jenkins jobs which contain Postman COllection JSON File.
on Running the Jenkins Build, Console Output is displaying in Special Characters which is the non-readable format.
goto your jenkins data mount path : /media .
2) The unit tests during the build (jenkins on the centos machine) are getting some errors, when reading property files.
Kubernetes use those secrets   as credentials to pull an image of the registry when executed by Jenkins.
I am getting the error when I try to run Jenkins  "Perhaps you need to specify the correct POM file path in the project configuration?"
There is a known issue that shebang lines get very long inside Jenkins, and /url/.
/pre/  The full backtrace from tox (Jenkins console output) is the following: .
I am getting Jenkins Execution failed for task /code/.
I have a rather lengthy Jenkins pipeline that will sometimes fail for various reasons like a box running out of disk space, network issues, etc.
During jenkins startup, I can also see that it adds the certificate as trusted.
But when jenkins is responding to the verification from Crowd, it is not sending the client key/certificate from keystore.
Is Jenkins modifying something within your repository?
Jenkins can’t reach the WSDL file on the remote server.
My question is how can we have several of these machines that have jenkins server, use the same slave machines.
I have a test that is being kicked off via Jenkins, that has the following information:  .
I am writing a shell script in Jenkins that logs into a database and runs an sql file.
/pre/  but the logging on Jenkins shows the command once the values have been substituted: .
Since working with environment variables did not work out the way we wanted, I created a workaround with a dummy file that is created whenever the Matlab call fails and then checked in Jenkins (currently no Matlab access, maybe some quotes are wrong): .
I can successfully create jtl log files and publish them on Jenkins.
I 'm trying to deploy via Jenkins a Laravel application and I 'm getting this error: .
I have tried setting the file as read only which causes the Jenkins process to fail since it is unable to delete the file.
/pre/  However, Jenkins refuses to accept this with the following error:  .
I have a test that always fail when running inside Jenkins.
I have 2 problems regarding Jenkins and separated them into 2 questions- one of them is described in this question, and the other (IE11 issue) is here.
The problem starts when running inside Jenkins in the test server!
Do you think there is a security issue that Jenkins wont open new windows in the browser?
Jenkins job is getting triggered automatically with the help of GitHub personal access tokens and Webhook.
Lastly I would see if I can kick off a job via command line on the machine to see if the machine hosting Jenkins is set up correctly.
I can run the tests in the same location from a command prompt, just not through Jenkins.
Both Jenkins and SonarQube are on the same server in our network (say 192.168.0.6) Sonarqube can be accessed from this server using localhost:9000 and on my dev computer I 've added sonar.ecl to the hosts file pointing to 192.168.0.6 .
/pre/  Now in Jenkins I 've got the url for sonarqube as localhost:9000 and in sonar.properties it is set as sonar.web.host=localhost and sonar.web.port=9000 so I 've no idea how it is changing it to 192.168.0.6:9000?
/pre/  Additional Information: On the server hosting jenkins and sonar the following url 's work /url/ and /url/, but /url/ does n't.
In jenkins the url seems to change as the scanner is finishing .
/pre/  I 've since reconfigured the url in jenkins to use sonar.ecl but again it hits the end of the Analysis and shows the same incorrect url (/url/ - ie not sonar.ecl) and this is used in quality gate and breaks.
I have a Jenkins job that checks out git code to a mapped network file share so that multiple executors can work on and test code in parallel.
If i abort jenkins job then it is not triggering mail.
Is there any way to handle jenkins abort event in java so that i can send mail which has all meaningful information.
I installed the Jenkins server as a "Windows Service" and clueless to hide the port number from the Jenkins URL.
/pre/  None of these directories with .gitignore are present in zip file generated by Jenkins and this is causing errors in AWS.
but I am still getting npm not found error on jenkins.
So, The problem was due to Crowd 2 Jenkins Plugin.
This gives me a fast restoration on corruption or a botched upgrade with cheap long term storage for services like jenkins.
Is your jenkins server accessible from the internet?
We are using the jenkins pipeline, but it is already late when Jenkins is processing this script - we are dealing with unknown problem with keychain and git, but we are using global libraries as well, that need to be downloaded from git before the pipeline script is executed.
I am trying to execute the cucumber from jenkins and it gives the below failure .
I have to work on the command line, not inside Android Studio though, because the whole process is started and run through our CI Server (Jenkins).
/pre/  But when I execute the same PS command through Jenkins, I always get true status even if I get errors in the Jenkins console output.
/pre/  When jenkins reaches the first line I can see 'Restarting Supervisor' but after a moment I see that jenkins closed the ssh connection and moved on to the second line.
Seems jenkins does n't wait for the supervisor restart command to be completed.
Jenkins has write access to the backup directory.
&lt;===[JENKINS REMOTING CAPACITY]===>Exception in thread "main"   java.io.StreamCorruptedException: invalid stream header: 099EACED     at   java.io.ObjectInputStream.readStreamHeader(ObjectInputStream.java:808)     at java.io.ObjectInputStream.
&lt;===[JENKINS REMOTING CAPACITY]===>Exception in thread "main"   java.io.StreamCorruptedException: invalid stream header: 099FACED     at   java.io.ObjectInputStream.readStreamHeader(ObjectInputStream.java:808)     at java.io.ObjectInputStream.
This is probably a bug in Jenkins ERROR:   Connection terminated java.io.IOException: Unexpected EOF .
Jenkins can put the file somewhere for your job to access, then in your Jenkinsfile, you can run commands with "kubectl --kubeconfig= ...".
Where you run the Jenkins master does n't really matter very much, what is important is how you configure it to run your jobs.
The way this works is that the plugin watches for a job in the job queue, notices there is n't a slave to run it, starts the Jenkins slave docker image, which registers itself with the master, then it does the job, and gets deleted.
I am making a POST call to a Jenkins, to access the results of executing a Job.
In my case, it was caused by a misconfigured clientSecret (Jenkins side configuration) .
And as turned out after redeploying by Jenkins I 've had as many started tomcat servers as I 've pushed into Github and in log I 've gotten that exception.
I have two Artifactory servers, one is a version 3.4.1 and the other is 6.0.2 The Jenkins is configured to push to two Artifactories with different Ids as shown below /url/ The old Artifactory is working fine and Jenkins is able to connect to it but, the new Artifactory is throwing an exception and is not able to connect to it.
But the question is how do I set the dependency in Jenkins Pipeline such that when developer 's trigger of the build has completed and the code is deployed in dev-server, my selenium scripts in another repo should get executed.
The output is printed on the screen normally, so it is visible on Jenkins UX.
I have a jenkins log file that spits the following output: .
after the push in github services it showing it was successful but in jenkins not triggered.
So it seems like, Jenkins home 's mount (/code/) was 100% full.
I had the same issue in Jenkins after Angular 6 and I solved by replacing: .
For me I had to stop the service which i dont really need at the moment and  re-run java -jar jenkins.war.
But, when i run the project with Jenkins, return this error:* .
And you should n't restart Jenkins in this case or reread config files from file system.
Then i have enabled scm polling in Jenkins job for that particular job.But, the issue is the job is getting triggered for a commit to the xyz branch and also if we merge the pull request.
PS: Initially you may have to copy the set up file from .jenkins/* to /path/to/jenkins_home/ .
/pre/  Finally, I restarted jenkins as root.
I am sure I am not the only one who is interested in how to handle something like this: docker build stage in Jenkins pipeline fails with Unexpected EOF (there can be a lot of reasons, in my case the docker daemon was restarted on the slave) .
All my jobs are passing successfully on the slave nodes, but I cannot view the workspace from the jenkins UI.
I 'm try to see the Testlink report in Jenkins getting this.
When you file an issue, make sure to add the entire stack trace, along with the version of Jenkins and relevant plugins.
In this case I would like to prevent situation, when some PR will be build without any problem but I got some unexpected error when Jenkins build develop with change from PR.
I was getting this error after upgrading Visual Studio on the same machine Jenkins runs on, which required a reboot.
I am not entirely sure why, my assumption is something Jenkins was caching about git was wiped during the reboot.
we are trying to update JIRA issue with Jenkins job 's build result.
but after jenkins job complete, jenkins does not update JIRA issue in commit msg.
The Jenkins Console Content is an HTML file / stream etc - aka you can change it 's appearance with CSS and HTML styling.
You are correct that its Jenkins script is still in use, at /url/.
The hook notifies commit event to Jenkins.
I have set the payload URL as: /url/ (my jenkins runs on http) .
Also I noticed the following message on Jenkins .
After the installation and configuration I ran few jobs on jenkins everything seems good, later my server seemed to hang so I had to stop and start it.
Now when I 'm trying to run a job that does maven deploy... sonarqube tried to access old server IP and I changed in jenkins>global configuration.
I receive the following error in Jenkins after this part is executed: .
However, it looks like we can get around it by using Presto in the  our daily Jenkins workflow  along with  retry in case of query failures.
/pre/  Jenkins fails this step with the message: .
I want to rename file in Jenkins so that a file name would contain a timestamp.
App gets deployed and no errors on Jenkins console output.
Though I get errors in Jenkins console.
By executing the following command, it will save a jenkins-ci.org.key file in the current working directory:  .
I 've have an issue when running fastlane within jenkins.
I 'm trying to overcome a problem of configuring the test runs for the below Scenarios on Jenkins: .
I used /url/ as an example but for some reason when I run this in jenkins I am receiving, .
But when I trigger it via Jenkins, I get the following error: .
/pre/  When I ssh into the Jenkins box and run /code/ from the workspace directory, everything runs as expected and the vendor directory is generated with no errors.
But, There is also an open issue about this (opened on 2016): /url/ I had to restart Jenkins after doing it to a job with some history.
/pre/  I have read through the docs, and maybe I am missing something about credentials-binding, but I thought I simply had to call what key I had saved in Jenkins by name, and pass key as a variable into my password .
I made the below change in the jenkins file.
But when I execute that in jenkins, I am getting '"value"'.
command to run successfully for jenkins either with or without utilizing slaves?
while building project via jenkins getting below error.
I executed taurus starting one .jmx file from a Jenkins job to run jmeter test and send the report to Blazemeter.
However if your plugin is hosted on GitHub and you have different username and/or password for GitHub and jenkins-ci.org use of the command-line arguments for username/password will result in errors.
At this point, it boils down to a problem that a project maybe building on a different machine where the Jenkins server is running and may have to read a remote file, unless it is running on the host.
Currently I am accessing these scripts and their dependencies by storing these scripts on the Jenkins master file system and calling them using the absolute file path.
/pre/  I tried multiple commands which works fine in Mac OS but fails when I put them in Jenkins pipeline.
Using Jenkins Jacoco Plugin version 3.0.1 with the following configuration generates a valid coverage report but fails to actually change the build status.
I am building a system that monitors whether a Jenkins slave is connected or not using only data collected from the slave itself, meaning no API call from master.
Many pages, but not all pages in Jenkins expose json (that can be consumed) by adding /code/ to the end of the Jenkins URL.
/pre/  If you ca n't use the Jenkins API (you do n't have credentials) your only option is to shut down the Jenkins slave running on your computer.
From where to run the tests, from Jenkins or QC (In QTP + QC integration, you can run tests directly from QC also)?
Shared library will still be referencing the location of the current unix system (/var/lib/jenkins/jobs/foo-job), so if you do switch systems, then there is a chance of it failing.
A job in jenkins which gets auto triggered after any code commit, occasionally does not pick up the committed source code.
I was able to work around it by setting the /code/ flag to /code/ in jenkins' /code/ file, and restarting jenkins: .
however when I add this report as part of post build action , choosing Publish JUnit test result report, in the text box in jenkins, I specified "result.xml " file .
/pre/  I pressume , jenkins is accepting the Xml format generated by Google test , since I see the log message as "Recording test results" .
The way I started debugging was, I pulled the compiled assets from /code/ folder in the app in jenkins and used that to test it in local and I could see it was missing some packages and the reason that was happening was (I am not sure how), .
Then Test the git-hub connection by clicking test button If its Successful the Jenkins will trigger whenever you commit to git-hub .
Imagine you have your "continuous everything" process automated in a Jenkins Pipeline and this process includes creation of container or services for testing.
The outputs you specify in your Jenkins configuration must match the output names on the Jenkins action in your pipeline.
but facing issue while running it from bamboo/jenkins which is deployed in another machine.
Unfortunately I not able to get it run on Jenkins.
/pre/  I 'm receiving this error on Jenkins .
/pre/  I already configured Jenkins global parameter to /code/ as default shell execute environment, but still having same error.
/pre/  No reason is given and this failure occurs randomly when running on Jenkins Linux host.
I managed to get the values from Jenkins in Jmeter by spiting an array.
All sent in that array from Jenkins.
Is n't it a problem that the Jenkins container that can be destroyed and created many times?
It does have a persistent volume container for jenkins data but I 'm assuming that 's not where the keys are.
Also the test workspace is cleaned after each Jenkins run.
The problem was caused because of copying Jenkins task where this was set and worked.. .
This is required as Jenkins eventually expects a Jenkins-Crumb to be supplied via the user deletion POST request.
The solution I came up with is reading the Jenkins-Crumb after GETting /code/ and then do a POST request to /code/ with the Jenkins-Crumb supplied as form data.
I am getting following error while installing Jenkins Slave as service .
With Jenkins + EC2 plugin I am not responsible for copying code to worker and reporting the result of the execution back.
For Jenkins, I have another server instance (accessible via PuTTY).
/pre/  it works fine but fails on Jenkins declarative pipeline with error  .
I have Java 10.0.2 on my system but after installing Jenkins and looking in Manage Jenkins and then System Information I get this: /url/  .
/pre/  However if I pass username and api token in url, Jenkins is unable to authenticate, it uses anonymous user and throws error, as anonymous user does not have prevailage to execute the job.
If I copy out the H2 db file away from JENKINS_HOME and try to connect I get this: .
/pre/  But how do I pass encrypted password like above from jenkins to gradle?
When jenkins tried to restart the docker container using Execute Windows Batch Command then it threw an error.
I have noticed a couple of reasons for abnormal CPU usage with my Jenkins install on Windows 7 Ultimate.
I 'm running job in Jenkins, while running I 'm getting below error: .
/pre/  Jenkins Error: .
What should be the correct values for ClearCase to work properly, that is get the code in the Jenkins job workspace?
Until in Jenkins main / global configuration (under Splunk for Jenkins configuration) you see Connection verified by clicking "Test Connection", you ca n't push Jenkins data (JSON blobs) to Splunk indexes (available via /code/ in Splunk).
When I run the same app from codepush built with jenkins, it always crash after performing a specific set of action.
I have downloaded &amp; installed Slack Notification Plugin in jenkins and using slackSend in the pipeline, it was working before but now getting an error as below: After this i downloaded Global Slack Notifier plugin, but still the same error,is there any setup required?
I know below few of the Jenkins RestAPI to execute script, schedule job and check status.
So.. Running /code/ inside the Jenkins executor, works.
Running it from Jenkins UI (Build now, or actual code change that triggers another build), does n't.
/pre/  I would appreciate some insight here because I have no idea how to make my image run correctly in Jenkins.
In addition, they provide Jenkins and VSTS plugins to put in your developer build environment, they upload the code to the cloud server, the scan happens there, and you get the results.
None of those work for me, especially because anything I try I always get certificate errors on the Jenkins side.
flat out zero 's out my chances of getting Jenkins to talk to GitLab.
/pre/  However, at one point I realized the test had stopped running on the automated build on Jenkins, due to that assumption, and eventually a regression was introduced which the test was supposed to stop.
To put in other words, the required software went missing from Jenkins slave environment, which caused the test to be skipped.
My tests run without errors when I run from command line but gives me following error while importing pyautogui when I am running through jenkins: .
The problem is loading the private key file into the terraform script as a variable to create the ssh connection from my ephemeral build in Jenkins.
But it seems not work in Jenkins.
I 've got Jenkins running this bash script periodically to test/verify my /code/ against a private registry: .
Publishing it as JUnit XML because when it comes to test result XML in Jenkins all roads lead back to JUnit.
I have initially setup sonar as localhost:9000, but now i changed to some IP like 172.1.1.1:9000 but still jenkins pointing to old configuration i started multiple time cleared cache in .sonar but i keep on getting below error .
sh  'ssh -vvv -t -o StrictHostKeyChecking=no -o ProxyCommand="nc -x elki-palki.socks4.chot-b-ego.com:1080 %h %p" petya.properdikin@xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx &lt;&lt;-EOF "pwd\n /tmp/jenkins/01.sh\n pwd\n ....."EOF' .
retrieve information from Jenkins for programmatic consumption.
Problem is, that Imagename is cmd.exe and the other problem is that it should be running on Jenkins.
Getting PID with wmic using name of window to find process -> Failed  at Jenkins .
Taskkill by naming the window-> Failed because Jenkins does not display windows due to security issues.
Run inside Jenkins job shown this.
Bascially i am looking for if there is not logs populating in jenkins for sometime it should proceed to next stage with "SUCCESS" status of that stage.
When we push code to the remote (git) a webhook is triggered that causes Jenkins to start building code (typical process).
so, we need help doing the same (retrieving pending kafka messages) via a script running with jenkins.
I 've been reading up about Protractor Tests running on a Jenkins Server.
The Error Jenkins is giving me is this: .
/pre/  Therefore, to have SAML and Jenkins security matrix work simultaneously, you have to have several security realms.
The only posibility is to use /code/ from within the script, and all output ends up in the jenkins log, as it 's evaluated before the jobs console log is initialized.
I had the same exact error when trying to trigger sonar analysis from within Jenkins, after houres of searching, i figured out that the problem was related to path defintion.
The jenkins server is an already existing server (limited access by me).
/pre/  The API call runs fine on my local system as well as in a freestyle project in the Jenkins server, but, when I try to create a pipeline that does this, it throws  .
Assuming the connection is already established between jenkins and hadoop servers by your infra team,  .
/pre/  The scripts works when executed locally so there is jenkins issue which is behind this.
After setting up jenkins I get the above error and currently test execution through command line also shows the same error .
Stuck with setting up Jenkins jobs due to this .
To solve this issue I checked "Prevent Cross Site Request Forgery exploits" in jenkins.com/configureSecurity section and it started working.
Where the tests all succeed when I run them manually (via a /code/ build script) - even directly on the build server -, they fail when run during a build in Jenkins that calls that very same build script.
/pre/  But when I use /code/ in the jenkins pipeline, it report the following error: .
In my opinion, the issue is with the resolution setup for headless chrome in chromeoptions in Linux and Jenkins.
If you only want to sent messages into a channel, you can simply use the incoming webhook that has already been installed for Jenkins.
I was able to fix this issue by adding the service-account (jenkins@XXX-ci.iam.gserviceaccount.com) as verified owner here: /url/ .
I have Jenkins jobs for each component which are triggered by SCM changes on the respective repositories.
If you have access to the Jenkins master/server, you can find the /code/ on it too.
But due to some reason (not sure what happened), suddenly my pipelines are not visible in Jenkins and also the plugin was also had disappeared.
Can anyone inform me on how i can save the Jenkins jobs?
make the file /code/ available to Jenkins when it is invoking your sample code.
This can be done by committing that file in the repo that contains the Jenkins pipeline, it is safe to do so since it does n't contain secrets.
I 'm trying to run a jenkins file with multiple agents in it, but I 'm running into errors.
Try running /code/ from the Jenkins job to check for mismatches.
In case you do n't find suspicious threads from the jenkins application page, login to the server and check if the cpu spike is caused by some other daemon process running on the system .
/pre/  You may have issues due Jenkins is not able to run command as /code/ in that case I will recommend you to follow the steps mentioned in /url/ or in /url/ .
I have a requirement where I need to send the status of the jenkins slave to influxdb.
I have a strange behaviour with my jenkins agent.
/pre/  When I run my Jenkins job, it fails when running /code/: .
java.io.FileNotFoundException: /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/test/.gradle/4.5/taskHistory/taskHistory.lock (Permission denied) .
I have yet another issue with permissions running Docker through Jenkins declarative pipeline.
As you know in /url/ in Jenkins, it is possible to call in the Jenkinsfile a content of a file in vars folder.
i am new to Jenkins and trying to setup build automation and testing but whenever i run my build it fails by giving me following error: .
I edited the .subversion/config on Jenkins masters, but I 'm not sure how I can tell my Jenkin slaves how to keep the original timestamp when they pull code.
If a user chooses not to upload anything, Jenkins will simply skips this parameter and will not place anything (but it also will not delete anything that 's already in the workspace.)
The process works from within a batch script but the second I put the contents of the batch file into the jenkins build step it fails with the message.
/pre/  I want Bitbucket to trigger Jenkins only if code is merged (from a pull request) to particular branch.
I do not want my jenkins job to fail when it ca n't find the html report.
My guess is that your test is doing something bad and getting away with it in most circumstances but that running under Jenkins may change the environment enough so that it throws the exception.
Now, the problem lies within the fact that our jenkins pipeline builds wars by executing the /code/ command, which sucks and ca n't be changed.
/url/ -- This looks somehow close to what I want to achieve but am not entirely sure which parts I should remove from the Jenkins file/other files.
But when I run it on remote (Jenkins) On Linux servers I get the following Error  .
So a Jenkins build should also finish as FAILURE.
Is there a way the jenkins build be made FAILURE based on saltstack Result?
/pre/  I am new to Jenkins pipeline script, can you help suggest inputs for adding a post build steps under finally to parse the Jenkins console output, identify a string and if it matches mark the build failure.
I am having the same problem, and from my research it seems that it is due to the fact that Jenkins replaces all "\r" with "\n".
I just do n't know how to give/change permission so that Jenkins can even change a directory.
The web address is: /url/ But when I enter user name: admin and password which I get from C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\secrets\initialAdminPassword, the page response with "Invalid username or password".
Changes will be lost if you restart jenkins server.
So far, I 've manage to get something that works for the initial load of Jenkins, setting the API token, but if I change the environment variable and reload Jenkins the new token is n't applied.
My understanding of whats happening is my script is creating a new descriptor for Hockeyapp, and saving it - which works on initial Jenkins load as one does n't exist.
The Jenkins job is triggered automatically as soon as the pull request is approved by the reviewer.
So, I expect the merge button to be enabled as the reviewer has approved the pull request and the Jenkins build has run (also success).
I try to build a string in html-format to send it as an E-Mail in a jenkins-pipeline.
/pre/  Unfortunately this runs into an error while executing the pipeline: /code/ If I 'm understanding it correctly the jenkins-server tries to execute the style-command as a jenkins build-step, what reasonably fails.
I have an issue with my jenkins build pipeline whereby at each for in the pipeline, I see duplicate flows, which are never used.
I 've set up a Jenkins instance, and am trying to set up LDAP and getting this error .
When downloading allure in jenkins, the following error/stack trace is showing up.
/pre/  I had to restart Jenkins as "Reload Configuration from Disk" was not sufficient .
I have Jenkins to build my Java deployable and then push code into SonarQube for code scanning, I am able to see the Bug report on SonarQube as well, But I want a downloadable report in a PDF format or anything that can be shared after the scan.
I 'm getting the following error when I run my Jenkins job.
I have configured multiple nodes in Jenkins and only one has an access to git server (firewall protection).
I have a jenkins service running in linux(no docker), sometimes service dont response when I excute "service --status-all" command show .war is stop in jenkins log show this message  .
/pre/  The problem is that Jenkins ca n't recognize the path for pybot, where the very same commands works fine in command line: .
However, if I try to build the project on Jenkins, it fails with an 'Unable to load import' error.
Since the error complains about database connection, so I checked by Jenkins Audit to Database Plugin.
Read /url/ however since that plugin connects OK, means the connection from Jenkins container to MySQL container is fine.
I 've seen it happen sometimes that the user which has started Jenkins does n't have the executable 's location on /code/.
Looks like there was a timeout with the connection between jenkins and the mac mini due to the long time it took for the code to compile on the mac minis.
The temporary workaround is to open the Jenkins script console and type /code/ .
I am trying to make a Post request to build jenkins job with parameters I search in network module and observed following form data we need to pass while making post request.
I have local copy of Git java code.I want a pipeline job script in Jenkins that can compile and build the code locally and show success or failure .
I followed the tutorial /url/ and all steps are working except when my local jenkins try to connect via jnlp .
I can see jenkins is up and running when I browse to localhost:8080 on the EC2 instance through remote desktop protocol but cannot access it from outside or its ip (using x.x.x.x:8080).
I assume this is because Jenkins removes the build assemblies on success?
I have met the similar problem because of the access permission denied.I think that you installed the Jenkins by /code/ file,because your Jenkins directory is in /code/.
This kind of installation of Jenkins on macOS is really easy to cause the file access permission error.
/pre/  Jenkins will no longer terminate as soon as an error occurs.
Aside from Docker needing to restart and having some trouble with installing Jenkins plugins within Docker (was able to manually download them, just not with the auto wizard), and Dropbox failing out, everything seems to be fine.
the message does n't say much and I ca n't access the logs of the jenkins backend.
I want it to fail if it gets below a certain percentage so when it builds on Jenkins it will fail so developers are forced to apply unit tests to their code .
We use jenkins to execute the automated test cases and use the plugin to read the results xml file and update the test run.
I have a Jenkins freestyle job where I need to make my API server and Application server running.
I 'm setting jenkins to run on port 8090, and my ufw status is: .
I 've tried to access it from ip-address:8090 and ip-address:8090/jenkins and both failed with ERR_CONNECTION_TIMED_OUT time out error.
When I run the same in Jenkins' context, it fails.
My question: What should I do to store credentials on drive encrypted and to have a password provided when starting jenkins for example, or when logging in?
/pre/  Output of long running jobs (Not sure exactly where it fails, but have noticed this for a job running for an hour) *Jenkins job finishes fine *The status returned to the shell is this .
The error message is thrown 12 mins after the jenkins job finishes.
If the is done, I do n't think there will be any issue in connecting Git to Jenkins.
Also you can test if your Git server is able to ping your Jenkins server.
That will avoid Jenkins trying to access the remote server through the proxy.
After 2 minutes have elapsed and build #1 is still running, Jenkins polls again, finding the same "change" (which is already being built), and it queues build #2. .
Created the tree successfully using path/where/jenkins/checked/latest/test/test.jmx .
But when I trigger build in jenkins I get below error  .
Unfortunately, he did this without bringing anyone else on it, so my knowledge of Jenkins is nothing more than writing scripts and throwing them up in the dashboard.
I logged into the Windows server where the Jenkins slave is installed, I tried to run the exe, and get this error: .
So that 's when I checked out the services, and found out that the Jenkins service was n't running.
Before requesting Jenkins to trigger a build based on your new perforce change you need to request a crumb from Jenkins and include the response in your request.
I was wondering if anyone knew if it 's possible to write to a log so Jenkins will display it when you are viewing nunit test results.
It sounds like there 's something between your Jenkins master and slave that 's disconnecting your session.
SSH Credentials Plugin no longer supports SSH credentials from files on the Jenkins master file system, neither user-specified file paths nor ~/.ssh.
I have been using jenkins for uploading a file from my local windows to ftp server used publish over ftp plugin the job shows succes  transfered file is 0 attached is the pic i get an error of 200/url/ no file is transfered to ftp .
Switch your infrastructure from two Jenkins masters to one Jenkins master with two slaves running on server X and server Y.
Use Jenkins REST API to communicate between server X and server Y.  .
The pipeline runs successfully, and the testing passes and generates HTML, and the publishHTML step seems to succeed, but nothing displays in the Jenkins UI.
This error occurs when your Jenkins master and slave disagree on which protocol to use.
You may get security warnings in the Jenkins console though, since these protocols are typically disabled for a reason.
Certain jobs at jenkins depend on password stored in ENV variables.
Jenkins should continue working without this password, only the specific build should fail if passwords are not provided.
The password could be stored in the jenkins/secrets but this means the hosting provider will have access to this passwords.
The password is available in plain text as an ENV variable for the whole jenkins.
I have valid Yaml file which I am trying to parse while running Jenkins pipeline but seeing error, .
The advantage to the custom step is that it abstracts away the complexity of doing Jenkins credential lookup, error handling, all that stuff, from the actual projects.
When I want to set build execution emails using Jenkins and SMTP server I get error with /code/ and solution for it is to switch /url/ to ON.
What I am basically looking to do is if anything pushed to master branch of git only then my jenkins job must get triggered.
After the installation, ManagedServer is in Running state and also Jenkins in weblogic shows Active state.
   I am thinking that perhaps my Jenkins setup should change, so that the   unit tests are run in the normal build action, which generates code   coverage reports, and then the Sonar plugin runs as a post-build   action and loads these reports to perform analysis.
/pre/  And Jenkins is giving me this "No Such DSL method 'test' found" error: .
Or should I really go ahead and setup a jenkins server and walk from there?
/pre/  Output in jenkins shows .
The specific error message, which I have not managed to budge over dozens of different build, trying to put the krb5.conf file everywhere I can think Jenkins might look for it, is this: .
In each case, Jenkins seems to simply not find the krb5.conf file and I get the same "Cannot locate default realm" error.
Whatever Jenkins is or is not doing seems to be the issue.
If you state that only builds provided by your CI are valid for future usage it seems that  you have to rely on Jenkins BUILD_NUMBER.
Problem is due to Jenkins introducing a hard timeout on Steps /url/ and /url/ .
Locally I 've no problems running the postinstall hook, however, when I build my project on my Jenkins CI box I get this error when it runs the postinstall hook of /code/ package .
I tried to use the following code for one segment but it fails to catch jenkins error if it encounters it.
Ensure that the volume mounted as JENKINS_HOME in Jenkins could be mounted at the same path by my builder container.
Jenkins service might be stoped.Find the jenkins service in window services and click start.I tried it many times.It worked .
i had issues, when i ran assembleDebug and test together in Jenkins as a single task .
i had similar issues, when i ran assembleDebug and test together in Jenkins as a single task .
i had similar issues, when i ran assembleDebug and test together in Jenkins as a single task .
I have an environment formed by a Jenkins Server, a couple of Jenkins Slaves (windows) and several remote windows computers all part of the same domain.
If I logon with on any of the jenkins slave (with that specific domain account) everything works fine.
By default, Jenkins executes the job on the slave using the NT authority\system account which, of course, returns me denied access errors.
For example, after a build has completed, jenkins call https://{myserver}/api/v1/jenkinsPostBuildCallback?jobName=name&amp;buildNumber=1&amp;result=Failed .
New tests were introduced and for whatever the reason, Jenkins no longer publishes the test results and errors out immediately after the powershell script.
I have a Jenkins docker container which has access to main docker socket by mapping its volume described /url/.
I have experienced the exact same problem with regular webhook jobs (in Jenkins 2.129.)
Triggering via Jenkins it will NOT get executed.
Jenkins comes up perfectly fine but when I try to test my Kuberenetes connection, it fails stating : .
I tried to change namespace in the Jenkins UI but I have a feeling it defaults to /code/ even if I dont state it.
At least for Windows machines this is very important as Jenkins sometimes wo n't notice that it lost the connection and would try to use the old connection - which would fail.
I tried from my local and the code always works, but when we run the same command from jenkins, it fails for a particular payload.
More weird is the fact that sometimes even from the same jenkins it worked.
When I run the pipeline I am getting the following error: /home/jenkins/workspace/dMyproject-QRMU74PK33RGCZRTDPVXCWOT55L2NNSXNPY2LJQ5R2UIIYSJR2RQ@tmp/durable-c4b5faa2/script.sh: Bad substitution .
but then how is it that this works when being run on Jenkins?
Our build servers are usually busy running nightly master builds, so I was thinking I could set people 's personal machines up as slaves to Jenkins, and have them run the branch builder locally, kicked off from Jenkins .
on the jenkins i see the errors :  .
/pre/  This fixed my "run jenkins as root" problem.
/pre/  Now I can access my pod and verify that the new config is indeed there but my Jenkins is giving ERRORs like: .
Any ideas on how can I safely introduce a /code/ file at startup in Jenkins?
I am trying to retrieve the git branch and hash in the Jenkins pipeline but for some strange reason, the stdout for branch in particular always comes back as 'HEAD'.
Now Jenkins wait for upload as attended.
That seems related to /url/: "/code/ variable is not populated in jenkins pipeline" .
I have a set up in jenkins which uses a node docker image in the agent, installs chrome and testcafe in the jenkinsfile, which is verified by running testcafe -b in the jenkinsfile and seeing chrome as an available browser.
When trying to build an iOS Build with Jenkins and using /code/ or /code/ I always get the Error: .
In fact you could but those files would always get referenced on the Jenkins master and would require to have the sandboxing disabled.
I checked Memory capacity,swap capacity, restart service, upgrade jenkins, permission directories  But jenkins status is "Active(exited)" and could n't access to application.
When I download a gz file from artifactory in Jenkins pipeline, I would like to verify the md5 checksum to validate the download.
I was able to kick off a Jenkins pipeline build by sending a post request (with username/password) to /code/.
Will Jenkins run the build which we scheduled even if we shut down our laptop?
No, It wo n't run as Jenkins service wo n't be running while the laptop is shut down or in sleep mode.
Jenkins has plugins to trigger UFT Tests from QC or the FileSystem and then pick-up results automatically.
Somehow the myApp-Jobs was failing after I manually cleared on that Jenkins node the /code/ in the repository and running than the myApp-job (was somehow not downloading the package).
It caused jenkins to reset scm inside the step.
had the same issue "ChromHeadless have not captured in 60000 ms" (failing after 3 attempts), on Jenkins running on RHEL 7.5.
However it failed when running as a Jenkins job with Cannot start ChromeHeadless   Trying to start ChromeHeadless again (1/2).
I compared the env variables, and after a few trial and errors found that XDG_DATA_DIRS environment variable exists when logged in a bash shell (where headless chrome tests succeeds), and this variable was not defined in the failing Jenkins job env.
Added the below to the jenkins job just before running the test .
Verify that the port is open on the Jenkins master 's firewall.
The build on our Jenkins Linux Server fails because a wrong architecture is detected by the plugin.
If Jenkins run on your laptop and you will shut down your lap top Jenkins process will not run meaning your scheduled build will not run.
Logging out will not affect on your Jenkins.
We are trying to send selenium test reports to developers from jenkins job.We have java code which will parse report xml and send the values in tablular format.
Hi I am trying to execute batch command from Jenkins and getting the below error   "Process leaked file descriptors.
When I manually run this command it opens a new command window and returns the process ID but when the same command is executed from jenkins the process ID is returned as 0 with clean logs.
When i am trying to delete sonar Mstest results in jenkins pipeline I am not able to delete  those results folder and Jenkins is running on windows slave node could you please help me with that.
Will Jenkins run the build which we scheduled even if we shut down our laptop?
Jenkins will trigger the scheduled job even if my laptop is shut down or if I log out of Jenkins?
You only have to ensure your Jenkins has visibility to the remote machine and you are good to go.
So far i have not managed to send 'EXIT 0' to jenkins and then restart the machine.
Somehow the Jenkins system was unable to load all of the configs?
This code is giving me error in jenkins  .
I am getting following error while making build from jenkins.
I am getting below  error in jenkins pipeline when I try to run /code/ command: .
Iam not able to see anything in jenkins logs.
Besides, Jenkins will always output /code/ instead of your password, since it will be hidden in your logs.
In one I have my database and in the other a jenkins server.
/pre/  Unfortunately, my jenkins is not able to connect to my postgres database, since I get the following error:  .
/pre/  My Application which is tested by jenkins has the following application properties and yml data: .
Actually after downloading,Jenkins.war file(which is latest 2.141) when i tried to execute the jar with /code/ so it gave me an error of Jenkins require java 8 but you are using 10.
Also,im cmd prompt after the Jenkins is upa d running.There is one error also.
But I accidentally closed the terminal window and the Jenkins was stopped.
I had to reformat the jenkins url from /code/ to /code/ and it corrected the issue.
I am a beginner in the usage of jenkins groovy-pipelines and I would like to extract a Substring (a Jira-Issue-ID) from a git-commit-Message and if the substring exists I would like to send a mail to a specified mail-address (the Jira-Mail-Handler).
I 've a frustrating issue when "npm install" is executed inside a Jenkins Groovy pipeline using the NodeJS plugin, the process hangs with the following error -  .
/pre/  When the command is executed directly on the EC2, the package installs without issue as the Jenkins user.
Jenkins home is mounted as an EFS volume.
When I start Jenkins, I get the following error .
When I log into the Jenkins build server directly and run from bash this works.
I get the above error only when I start the build through Jenkins user console.
/pre/  The funny thing is that we have n't changed webpack nor package.json for the last couple weeks and now, our latest jenkins build fails totally.
Make Jenkins test for success and, if so, call another script that unconditionally initiates a shutdown.
Likely you have this problem because the glob pattern specified after the /code/ pattern is n't resolved to real file names, but on your Jenkins it does.
As commented, the issue was at the Jenkins workspace level.
The above issue got resolved once we have updated the plugin "Parameterized Remote Trigger" to 3.0.3 and provide the root URL of Jenkins B in Jenkins A configuration and provide the rest of the path till the Job is present in the Remote Job Name or URL parameter and hence the above issue got resolved.
I am trying to setup a jenkins pipeline step to runs some test scenarios using /code/ but I am getting an error back from the build as follows: .
/pre/  I 'm wondering if this has something to do with nodejs version differences, as I am running 8.11.2 on my machine and dont see these errors, on Jenkins we are running 10.5.0 .
When I am running the same script from command prompt it runs but through Jenkins I am getting the following error: .
/pre/  Any help would be great as it 's breaking my Jenkins job and I ca n't seem to fix it.
The issue is that the status badge compromises the IP of my Jenkins server.
It is possible to build when a change is pushed to BitBucket even when Jenkins is in localhost?
Thru jenkins pipeline or jenkins file - how can i check node status before i start main stages ?
Below is the log and its working fine when i ask Jenkins to send it to individuals but the same is not working fine when i ask Jenkins to send it to a distribution list.
If you want to make it even simpler just tell JUnit to write its output file to the Jenkins WORKSPACE root by removing the TestOutput/ and just specify junitresults.xml.
Source Volume  - jenkins-volume .
touch: cannot touch '/var/jenkins_home/copy_reference_file.log': Permission denied .
Can not write to /var/jenkins_home/copy_reference_file.log.
The actual / optimal workflow here would be to incorporate SVN 's post-commit hook so it triggers Jenkins job after the actual commit is issued only, not in any other case.
We have scheduled a Jenkins Build to create AWS VM, VM is successfully online but while archiving the Artifacts, job got failed with below error message.
/pre/  Also make sure to add this /code/ file to your /code/ file so that it does not get committed to your repository and does not get used on your Jenkins build.
All of the Groovy inside of a Jenkins pipeline is executed on the master in a special source-transformed fashion from the /url/.
I am getting the following error on Jenkins when I try to do a gradle build of my code along with Junit tests: .
Creating new cache for metadata-2.23/artifact-at-url, path /Users/jenkins/.gradle/caches/modules-2/metadata-2.23/artifact-at-url.bin, access org.gradle.cache.internal.DefaultCacheAccess@100205c4   Resource missing.
I have also read, that maybe Jenkins ignores the /code/ repository, so it never finds the dependency /code/ .
Since you are running the grid (and potentially Jenkins/eclipse) from the Hub machine, system.getenv() will return information from the hub machine and not the node machines.
When going to Manage Jenkins-> Manage Plugins -> Check Now, I receive the following error: .
However, this leads to an error on Jenkins server startup: .
And I am able to use Jenkins just fine when I 'm on localhost:8080 within the machines browser.
The problem I am facing is when I attempt to hit the Jenkins over the network.
How would I get Jenkins to appear to be listening on port 8080 within netstat?
When this runs on Jenkins I get the following error: .
So for uploading a file, since I need to run in Jenkins, I have to pass the absolute path of file.
C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\sample>exit -1  Build step   'Execute Windows batch command' marked build as failure Finished:   FAILURE .
then jenkins recupered the data  .
ERROR: Failure in the reading of POMs java.nio.file.NoSuchFileException: /root/.jenkins/workspace/testjunit/testjunit/trunk/pom.xml .
Why the image in the report cannot be viewed in Jenkins Server?
I have to hit a URL to get the test case results in Jenkins pipeline job, but this URL is giving me XML format output in console of Jenkins.
but when I try use default one, it always prompted "Waiting for agent to connect (1/100) ", it seems wait for JNLP client to connect, I enter the dynamic image which create by jenkins kubernetes plugin, I found there is not any process relation to "ENTRYPOINT ["jenkins-slave"]", I checked the jenkins logs, it prompted below info.
i 'm getting following error in Jenkins console when click on build.
Unable to use git personal access token to avoid 403 errors for geckodriver using webdrivermanger in jenkins!!
Related issues in Jenkins .
/pre/  Is there something related to Java/Groovy concurrenty or parallelism in Jenkins I might be missing here?
I 'm using /url/ to automate triggering jenkins job on creation of pull request in Bitbucket Server.
I need to run a stage in Jenkins file on a particular commit message in GIT.
On the other environment (Jenkins, mavne 3.2.1), this error is throw with severity "ERROR", so, the compilation ends at this point.
You know how I can tell Maven to throw this error as "WARNING" on the Jenkins environment?
I can SSH to Server 1 from Jenkins without any issues, but how do I SSH on to Server 2 subsequently to run my scriptd?
I have a Jenkins pipeline that I need to run a /code/ on a file but I am getting an error of /code/ .
If I run it through the Jenkins Pipeline Syntax Generator I get the same error.
I 've been facing with a problem when pushing the report from jenkins job to sonarqube.
How can I parse and compare 2 JTL reports, I am running them via jenkins (as a pipeline job) the first jtl report will act as a base report and the current test run jtl report will be used to compare.The delta between 2 reports can be used as a  % definition to decide the job as success or failure.
Results are consolidated in an xml file and displayed with the "test results analyzer" plugin in Jenkins.
If it works locally, it should be easy to make it work remotely, but just in case, below is my Jenkins configuration for the build step :  .
I 'm having a real issue connecting to a git repository in Jenkins.
/pre/  However, whenever I try and set up the git plugin in Jenkins I get the following error .
/pre/  We have a different Jenkins instance running on an older version that allows us to load a key from the Jenkins master and this is connecting to the same server with no issues, so I do n't think it 's anything to do with the configration of the Git server and as we can successfully clone the repository if we SSH to the Jenkins master I ca n't see it being an issue with the key pair.
The /code/ step makes Jenkins retry the /code/ until it succeeds.
I 'm creating Automation xlsx file with Timestamp and in jenkins edit email attachment saying as use Ant patterns to send attachment,I 've used below pattern but it is sending all xlsx files which are in that folder.
/pre/  Probably the jenkins slave was corrupted.
When I build it locally my site works, but in my testing environment, where I 'm building in Jenkins using msbuild, the mscorlib dll is causing is causing a compilation error: .
Any job related to a deleted branch is not getting deleted in Jenkins.
One of the drawbacks is that you will get no warning when it stops working because Jenkins decides to start using whitespace inside the tags, or whatever.
However when I try to execute the script through a SSH connection using Jenkins and even Putty to the MacStadium machine I receive the following error message:  .
My Jenkins application(deployment server) is running in another server.
How can we get the jenkins console output in a text file (workspace) including jenkins console output also.
I have a Jenkins pipeline using Groovy to send the status of the builds via emails when it is failure or unstable.
But when i cancel the build manually in Jenkins, the email still send because it take that as a failure.
How can i make Jenkins not to send emails in this situation?
But when I run my test on Jenkins I have the following message : Archiving Gatling reports... Could not find a Gatling report in results folder.
In order to run this formatter after each developer commit, you will have to first have a Jenkins commit hook in place, that will trigger a Jenkins build.
Turned out I had hardcoded /code/ in my /code/ inside Jenkins.
However, if "temp" does not exist, the Jenkins job fails saying  .
Update: It turns out that the reason the job was failing is that the %ERRORLEVEL% was being set to something other than 0 and upon reaching the end of the script, the Jenkins job could not pass without having a proper exit code.
Everyting works fine except that the workspace is not available on jenkins UI when the slave is taken down by the kubernetes (slave offline).
I want to execute some operation on Jenkins slave machine but want to use the data present in jenkins master home directory, can I access the jenkins master home directory from the slave machine?
We are getting an error in Jenkins job when git is trying to tag the repo, below is the detail of the exception we are getting.
The default configuration of this slave container does n't do exactly what I want, but it does handle the connection to the Jenkins master.
when ever I try to create a freestyle job on Jenkins the following happens .
But every time that runs, it does successfully but when I look at the console output I get only this lines:  Execute.on Workspace C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\test 4 Finished: SUCCESS .
Jenkins does n't know that their workspaces are on NFS, only that the slave is gone and the workspace is inaccessible.
Initially you wo n't have to log into Jenkins as "Anyone can do anything".
Right now, the problem I 'm dealing with is that while tnsbuild works when I run it myself, it does n't complete with Jenkins.
I used "docker run --restart always --name myjenkins -p 8080:80 jenkins" but cannot access jenkins at /url/ on browser.
If I use docker run --restart always --name myjenkins -p 8080:8080 jenkins, I can access the jenkins url.
Where we do n't want in same Jenkins the first (1) pipeline to have access to these production credentials.
The biggest magic of all happen on our jenkins where the build proceeds unlike on any other laptop.
I believe that when I find out why jenkins is able to built it without warning, then I will be able to fix the errors on laptops.
I also shut down Jenkins and relaunched it but nothing happens.
I am getting the below error when I run an ansible playbook using Jenkins.
I want to know if I am doing something wrong here or is it fastlane/jenkins path resolving bug?
After restarting my computer the cluster and the jenkins server are not running e.g.
I think in your case both methods are comparable - please think what will happen when you have leakage of your IAM jenkins user access key (please note that security fixes comes to Jenkins quite often): intruder can access AWS API from his PC even without direct access to your infrastructure.
Instead of running /code/ it 's usually better to figure out which commands Jenkins needs to run as admin and put those into your sudoers file directly.
Make sure that Jenkins is not cleaning the repository after running the task.
/pre/  In Jenkins i 've configured in attachment as **/TestResults/Testcases_Results_*.xlsx but i 'm not getting latest file,it is picking all files.
My Jenkins CI/CD build configuration was working and nothing changed until my last pull request and I need to get this working again.
I get a bad substitution error when I run this command in my jenkins pipeline .
/pre/  ldap 's log shows this when jenkins login fails: .
the dn computed by jenkins and sent to openldap is invalid and should be .
When you file an issue, make sure to add the entire stack trace, along with the version of Jenkins and relevant plugins.
So I opened my Jenkins job configuration, I am seeing something like this .
It works fine in RubyMine, but the nightly tests in Jenkins fail.
Unfortunatly, in some contexts (Jenkins...) it produced several lines ☹️ flooding the console.
my .apk file gets generated on a slave machine A, now I have to copy to it to my slave machine B. I want it to be copied via jenkins job .
But when i get the password from credentials store, I get the following error from jenkins.
I know I can trigger a build by commenting on a PR, but sometimes I find it 's convenient to rebuild from Jenkins (e.g.
/pre/  I also see output in the /code/ log such as /code/ so Jenkins is aware of tags being created.
Can Jenkins view windows events log file?
Is there have any solution for me to read windows events log on a jenkins server?
I need some help, I launched a build on jenkins and I got the error below : .
I 'm new to cloud, I created one Jenkins server and tomcat servers,  I 've successfully tested the simple CICD implementation.
Caused: java.io.IOException: Cannot run program "nohup" (in directory "C:\Users\XYZ.jenkins\workspace\Pipe_Groovy"): CreateProcess error=2, The system cannot find the file specified .
Installed Jenkins on the new EC2 server, done the same thing before but running into build error as follows  .
my issue is I cannot perform a mvn clean deploy in Jenkins without it issuing error.
I 'm using a jenkins job to retrieve data from Salesforce and I have too many parameters (such as connection to salesforce and so on..) I want to have a file parameter for my jobs instead of entering them manually, but I ca n't find an example of a file.
There is a plugin for Jenkins that I think it can solve your problem.
/pre/  It might also be an issue that you run an root, while Jenkins is being run by user /code/.
I inherited a Jenkins server that has a lot of redundant processes and mixture of plugins and scriptlers.
i need to build a job in Jenkins, to get latest git commit message every time a commit is done and to store it in a variable.Can anyone suggest a plugin or a way to do this?
You should use the readFile() and writeFile() Jenkins pipeline steps to manipulate file contents on the workspace directory.
If both guesses are true, then sending selenium scripts from an Australian Jenkins server to SauceLabs can take long.
We have a requirement wherein we have to trigger parameterized Jenkins job whenever a push event has occurred on github.
/pre/  and a simple Jenkins pipeline with repository URL and credentials( I can confirm that the credentials are fine because otherwise jenkins gives error rightaway).
Jenkins job is fine for this you can trigger a mail saying build success or failure after this nightly run .
How ever this slave PC should be online connected running the jenkins client.
This is a special Jenkins method to write files inside your workspace.
But when this code is executed on Jenkins, the build fails because it ca n't find the local file or the file is not accessible to Jenkins.
I 've added the Secret File as a Global Credential (unrestricted) in Jenkins.
I need to find a way for the Java code to access this Secret file(stored in Jenkins) while running the Jenkins build.
when I enter the SSH path or HTTP path in Source Code Management section (Jenkins) I get below error .
Use the envInject as file (this load the key value file that you created to Jenkins as Jenkins variable).
Is it possible to somehow generate a complete HTML report, with all Given/When/Then blocks in a Jenkins pipeline?
How to hide it in jenkins logs also.
Using jenkins pipeline, I want to fail build when a word (for example, "FATAL") is found in build log.
See /url/ for a related Jenkins JIRA issue.
May need to change format to match expectations of Jenkins 's warnings plugin.
It is fail and throw exception: "Error from server (Forbidden): pods is forbidden: User "system:serviceaccount:jenkins:default" cannot list pods in the namespace "jenkins"" .
I want to display Excel(XLSX) Test cases id,description and status while running selenium testng execution in the Jenkins Console output,below is the format.
Actually there are couple of jobs in which clone(git, tfs) happening with some user, however when it comes to running scripts/commands i get permission and attribute(readonly) issues as Jenkins is not running with same account that was used to clone repositories .
This problem came up after upgrading my jenkins server from ubuntu 16.04 to 18.04 .
I am fetching source code from TFS in Jenkins and getting this error: .
the setup works fine on my macbook, but sadly, in jenkins/k8s/ec2, the ec2 instance-profile is prevailing and the terraform script is failing because it requires it 's specific assume-role to complete it 's operations.
You should enable debug-level logging in the Framework set-up on the machine running this Jenkins job and see if something shows up there.
I have a Jenkins pipeline-as-code set up, but my project files from the 'Gradle Build' stage are n't being passed along through the pipeline, and I end up with an Error: Could not find or load main class App message in the final container.
If you have shell access to and sudo//code//Jenkins Unix user permissions on the machine running Jenkins, you can retrieve the secret file by doing the following: .
In some Jenkins job that has permissions to access the secret file, select Configure.
I am trying to integrate sonar with Jenkins in my local, when integrating the build   is successfully and execution is success, but it is not getting finished success, it show below error and it show out of memory .
/pre/  Now whenever I build the Jenkins job I get the following error .
Not sure what is the issue, though the same thing had worked earlier(I have fresh installed Jenkins on Docker) .
/pre/  Using Jenkins to trigger several scripts in this style randomly (it is hard to tell what the exactly frequency is), I got exceptions at "browser.save_screenshot" and "browser.quit()" and "browser = wd.Firefox()".
I am using jenkins for the build but every time i run a build it gives an error and fails?
/pre/  I wo n't be able to commit client id and client secret to git due to the security issues, but I need them to run my API test scripts through Jenkins.
(Fun side note: If you use /code/ in the Groovy script, it prints out to the Jenkins master log, not to the job 's console log) .
The issue that I am running into is that I cannot find the chrome driver on my Jenkins server.
/pre/  When i checked with the jenkins team, they found the issue to be with the parameter passed: .
When I try to publish artifacts from jenkins, if the host does n't have the certificates for artifactory installed I get the error:  .
I am new to Jenkins and I am facing an issue.
I have tested the script outside of Jenkins and it runs perfectly but when I try to run it as part of the pipeline I get the following error: .
The flow I envisioned would be, new code is pushed to Nexus, Jenkins wakes up through Polling or Webhook and runs SonarQube against the last code committed  .
Jenkins runs multiple jobs (all those jobs are sending emails on failure) and for some jobs additional information is needed in the email.
This works most of the time but sometimes all of sudden i get the below error in Jenkins.
Problem statement: An user1 who has "admin" privilege, unable to see the "manage jenkins" after log in.
How can I get the flask app to run and get a Jenkins build success if it got the the /code/ message?
This script will print out the contents of files in Jenkins credentials store 's global domain that have /code/ as file name.
When "FEXT" was originally created,  on Ubuntu, it is saved as a file as "~/.putty/session/FEXT", but when "plink FEXT  " is being invoked as part of Jenkins job, the process  is searching the "FEXT" under "~jenkins/.putty/session/", which is a different location.
I think this will let your job finish and Jenkins can scan stdout for the message indicating success.
Edit: Apparently overriding the build number /code/ is enough to stop Jenkins from killing the background process.
/pre/  My conclusion is: The Jenkins container builds from an image is able to communicate with the MySQL container with its container name or private address on docker bridge network.
/pre/  This /url/ may close to my case, as this FEXT owns by root, while everything created during a jenkins job, is of user "jenkins".
But after I have enabled "jenkins" user with suggested settings, the error stays.
/pre/  This script passes successfully while running in local, but fails with the following exception while running directly on Jenkins box which is another windows machine.
/pre/  With this code in Jenkins console I see: .
I 've tried clearing and restoring all the NuGet packages, and the MSBuild logs are n't much help, although MSBuild seems to load significantly less assemblies when run with Jenkins than when run by me.
Is this a problem with how my project is set up, or is it a problem with Jenkins?
I am able to run the test of ant script in my PC but when I try to create the same in Jenkins job it fails.
I have configured a Global Jenkins Secret (cloud-registry-credentials) associated to the key.json file belonging to that service account .
My question is do I need to copy these extra files, log files to GitLab GUI, GitLab container and Jenkins container or I can just copy these to GitLab container.
Reason for this issue: The issue is because of the 'Content-Security-Policy' which is introduced in Jenkins from v1.641, It is blocking the inline CSS, JS Ajax resources to loaded .
I have problem with setting up my Jenkins.
I have been struggling to get the Publish over FTP to successfully transfer my DotNetCore build artifact from my Jenkins Linux slave to my AzurePack server.
I think Jenkins ignores these, possibly caused by /url/.
The files configured there are placed at a location accessible to the Jenkins Master, e.g.
delete image on jenkins node .
Pushing some code through Jenkins which uses CloudBees to push the code on to the server.
If you are using TestNG in your project, anything you log using /url/ class will be also printed in Jenkins console output : .
However, scripts (via Jenkins, in my case) that rely on cygwin components work fine.
So now I wanted to open the html report and read particular line and also the result and save that value to a json file through a jenkins job.
after Running the approve the script in security settings at Manage Jenkins – In-process Script approval.
I am in the process of verifying that ALL 3 credentials stored in Jenkins have valid passwords (different owners).
I just had this problem after upgrading Jenkins xUnit plugin to 2.2.3 (from 2.0.0), downgrading to 2.0.0 "solved" the problem.
We are running a Jenkins server with several reports.
Reading the logs in Jenkins I 'm seeing the following message: .
I 'm running a Jenkins in Kubernetes Engine and it connects to JNLP slave pods when a job triggers, this was working successfully previously, but those JNLP pods are failed to start with following error nowadays.
We 've faced errors as Jenkins ca n't recognize the pipeline definition in the external file.
I was trying to build an android apk using Jenkins but I am stuck with one failure message -   .
/pre/  I do n't know what 's wrong is going on build with jenkins is failing all the time.
/pre/  But Jenkins fails to find the correct object: .
Have tried using the Xvnc plugin in Jenkins as well but still fails.
You can open in jenkins the node where you can execute groovy commands to the server and test that it works.
I have upgraded my jenkins from 2.89.4 to 2.121.3 version I am seeing a very long list of warnings in logs.
But through Jenkins, I am getting the same error for the batch commands as well.
Running on Jenkins also makes it difficult to debug what the issue is.
/pre/  I get the following error from Jenkins Job .
The new EFS disk had content migrated from the old Jenkins EFS and this was also contributing to this issue.
Copy paste your Jenkins server URL in the Server field and give it a name (Label), click Finish.
I am creating a pipeline using jenkins, trying to add a logic where if the terraform-plan is successful then only it will proceed with apply, therefore need get the return value as 0/1/2 from the sh terraform plan command but getting an error as below: .
So far, with time consuming trial and error, I have found that Jenkins does not tolerate a space between the -P and the profile name AND it can only handle a single profile.
From jenkins, I verified the arguments are getting passed correctly using echo statements.
Jenkins opened chrome browser on /code/ and start with Protractor tests.
Context:  I 'm receiving a 400 error when attempting to get a crumb from a Jenkins CI server via Java 's HttpsURLConnection class.
My main concern is the 16 bytes highlighted at the beginning of the request, and that the extra data may be why the Jenkins server is unhappy.
/pre/  This is perfect because all the credentials are inside of Jenkins server and there 's nothing about it in the repo.
so for now my test can running on appium studio and eclipse.but when running build on jenkins get error below .
I have a Jenkins master running on Windows Server 2016.
Practically all questions/documentation I 've found on running docker commands on a jenkins slave describe how to solve this issue by running the slave in a docker container and installing the docker client in the slave container.
Recently upgraded from Jenkins 1.x to 2.x and now I 'm receiving errors during the pipeline .
But the result is, jenkins works as below: .
I am attempting to have a Jenkins job that fires off other jobs and fails if they fail.
Also, how database can be handled by the backhand Jenkins plugin?
Binary getting populated in jenkins screen.... .
I have several machines configured as Jenkins slaves, and having an issue while launching unit tests on one of them: .
The exception "Failed to exeucute cleanup : java.io.NotSerializableException: hudson.model.User" indicate that jenkins try to serialize the Object user, but it can not be serialized.
I am having problem executing the deployment at the final stage of my jenkins job.
I then restarted my jenkins slave and everything started working.
2 files are placed on a server, this sends a trigger to Jenkins starting a pipeline job.
Jenkins job ( in Network A ) runs on a slave machine ( say, server A in Network A).
If incase, this is due to any error within the build, how can i make Jenkins throw descriptive message so that we can narrow down to the root cause?
After completion of test scripts on Jenkins and clicking allure report icon, it does not load the reports it show loading.
Out of curiosity I copied the code into my local Jenkins - and it worked (after fixen obvious issues like creating the missing jobs and fixing the if conditions).
The master jenkins job shall be triggered manually or by sending SQS message.
After this you should be able to access Jenkins on port 8080. .
Your script should pass the entire, unaltered stdin stream to the Jenkins agent process.
Establish Jenkins session: /code/ .
/pre/  If this communication channel is tampered, Jenkins wo n't work.
The first /code/ command will swallow your stdin, and the Jenkins session will have nothing to read.
I resolved it by stopping and restarting Jenkins.
In Jenkins multijob execution showing the parent job execution showing completed even though sub jobs are still running, Please let me know.
/code/ but I am not have etc in my program file/Jenkins.
/pre/  /code/ AND /code/ are in the jenkins credentials store and will be replaced by /code/ in the logs     .
But when i try with Jenkins on the same windows machine it fails: /url/ .
ERROR: for dockercompose_postgres_1  Cannot start service postgres:   error while creating mount source path '/var/postgres-data': mkdir   /var/postgres-data: read-Starting dockercompose_jenkins_1 ... error .
ERROR: for dockercompose_jenkins_1  Cannot start service jenkins:   error while creating mount source path '/var/jenkins_home': mkdir   /var/jenkins_home: read-only file system .
ERROR: for jenkins  Cannot start service jenkins: error while creating   mount source path '/var/jenkins_home': mkdir /var/jenkins_home:   read-only file system .
Why does this fail when Jenkins runs it?
But when I put the same thing over my production jenkins running on JBOSS and RHEL I am facing the below exception: .
When the Jenkins build  is triggered, Id like to find out the build  status, the job console, the  test results of the corresponding build.
Question 2:How to add the truststore and password for the modified cacerts file to jenkins startup?
/pre/  then restarted Jenkins using: .
Is this an issue in Jenkins or am I doing something wrong here?
I 'm running my Junit tests using a jenkins job, some of the tests require access to a remote server folder in order to create a text file on the folder.
How do I configure jenkins job with a remote server for JUnit tests to create a text on the server?
5) Jenkins can delete VM via SaltMaster and remove VM (Salt Minion) key from Master.
I do want to connect my Jenkins master slave in a docker container to my localhost machine node slave(to be accurate my macOS High Sierra).
In the meantime, just for testing, try running Jenkins with /code/ to see if the error persists, just to confirm this is related to that security policy.
As you noticed, this such "native" code is executed on the Jenkins master and without any relation to the current job.
I have configured my EC2 instance via 'adding cloud' in Jenkins and the test connection was successful.
I 'd expect the texts issued with /code/ to immediately appear in the Jenkins job 's console.
How can I achieve that what I write with Echo appears immediately in the Jenkins job 's console?
Actually, the Jenkins job used windows bat until recently, and then all the echo calls appeared immediately in Jenkins.
When i configured email notification in Jenkins, test mail is working but post build "E-mail Notification" does n't work properly.
/pre/  Jenkins fails on this with the following error (I 've verified that in this case 'Script3' is the call to get_job_permissions with the enum parameter).
/pre/  If I do n't change the signature, and still pass through a random string, Jenkins fails the build as it ca n't find the method it thinks I 'm calling (which is true, it 's not there, it 's expecting a PermissionType type).
The problem is that, on running the pipeline, jenkins creates a directory named as "/code/" rather than passing it as an argument.
Make that remote server as a slave node of jenkins, then execute the job that creates folder on the slave, so that it will create the text file on the remove server as you intended.
For me this was caused by Jenkins assuming that the default IP address it would be provided with would be IPv4 when in fact my machine was dual stack, preferring IPv6.
I 've no idea what a "Jenkins pipeline" is but I do n't see any reason for your posted sed script to fail in the way you describe so I suspect your problem is somewhere else in your code.
I need to write the jUnit tests to be executed on Jenkins (w/o any real phone attached) .
I can do this with a rest call but I already have credentials and the server URL configured for the Jenkins plugin.
I had the same error, and for some reason it appears to have been cause by uppercase letters in the Jenkins job that ran the /code/ command.
Jenkins stages needs to be serialized so that they can survive job &amp; jenkins restarts.
/pre/  However there 's an open jenkins issue dating back from 2015 about the file parameter not working for pipelines, so I do n't think even this will solve your issue.
We do testing for embedded devices, and our jenkins slaves are laptops connected to certain hardware setups.
I was facing the similar situation, it was throwing /code/ even though I ran /code/ so, I changed the Jenkins configuration file.
I figured out the issue: Jenkins did not actually run the tests twice, it just showed them for the other module.
When Jenkins reported the tests for the first module, there was no issue, as only that module 's tests were in there.
The problem is: When I type env there is no JENKINS_HOME variable, so I ca n't edit it.
How can I move my jenkins to a new location (different from root) and therefore, if needed, how do I solve the issue with the missing JENKINS_HOME variable?
You get this error because of the node pool if your cluster does n't have the right scopes to deploy the Jenkins server, Unfortunately you cannot stop the nodes to change their scopes, the IG will recreate these nodes with the old scopes.
For now I can only check version, but in case of failed version check I need to update browser manualy on Jenkins server.
/pre/  The value inside ${' '} is actually environmental variables declared in jenkins config.
I set up a Git repository on a local Bitbucket server and also set up a Jenkins server with a job that should be triggered when something was committed to that repository.
As this works I assume there is no network/firewall issue and the "Jenkins instance" and "General settings" of the Hook are configured correctly.
But when I build a job in Jenkins it gives the following error: .
For words[1] I have the correct value sent from Jenkins: 2.
The values clearly arrive from Jenkins but I have a problem passing it to my variable.
What this does is gets the Jenkins Credential and puts its components into named environment variables on the fly that in turn can be referred to and used inside the /code/ clause.
Even though I am an administrator on Jenkins with full power, I get the following message when I view configuration "username missing the Job/Configure permission" .
/pre/  I was able to run this 2 days ago, that is, I 'm able to access Jenkins on localhost:8081 .
If you provide the API token of Jenkins A, it will show the authentication issue only.
This is the mistake I have did and it got resolved once I have changed the API token properly according to the required Jenkins.
A jenkins box whose traffic is not encrypted is a dangerously tempting target.
I currently have  /code/ as Test Sources Root, but when i deploy my code after doing a Jenkins build, it states that sourceApp is undefined.
I am getting error "Javascript | Heap out of memory" exeption when running our build in jenkins.
The Jenkins job is triggering fine whenever it finds any new Commits and PullRequest events.
When the jenkins polling time comes, job will be triggered successfully since there is an event detected in GitHub.
However, when I build on Jenkins, I can get the IPA but It crashes on Device.
I have a machine with blocked outgoing connections so it is not possible to update jenkins nor install the plugins I need for my work.
I deployed this back end for the 1st time (with Jenkins and Rancher).
I have a Jenkins job which does certain work and send the output to my Gmail inbox.
I go to the console output and found that following command only shown in the console output in Jenkins.
Perhaps one approach to help solve this might be to stop /code/ in the run commands while things install and then start it again when all done, hopefully Jenkins would then connect only once everything is ready.
The issue will be the following: When using a java /code/ object it‘ll always refer to some location on the Jenkins master.
This works fine, but I 'm not able to obfuscate the key so that it does n't get displayed in the Jenkins logs.
I thought maybe Jenkins was being clever and obfuscating the key, by replacing it with the ID but I tried "head" and "grep" and I still get the same thing.
However, it fails when the same project is run on Jenkins.
I get the below error on the Jenkins console: .
/pre/  What am I missing in the pom.xml or do I need to update soapui-setting.xml with HermesJMS location in the jenkins server where it gets built?
I have got the same code, tools and Jenkins nodes(windows) but the build fails with below error when executed using a pipeline.
But the build ends successful when ran on multiple local computers, freestyle job on same Jenkins nodes.
/pre/  Because Jenkins is unable to identify the files which contains french characters  the jobs is getting failed.
/pre/  triggering Locale inside the Jenkins job which is getting executed on slave:- .
Allure results are generated (xmls) and can be viewed by running allure serve outside the allure-results directory but when configured in Jenkins using the allure results directory with relative path from Jenkins workspace, the allure results are not found.
Go to Jenkins -> Manage Jenkins go to the section Black Duck Hub, paste server url, credentials and when I tested the connection got a error.
/pre/  and expected it to become visible within Jenkins.
But, I am needing to compile a JAR which will live on an integration server and would be run by Jenkins daily (I do this with the current battery of tests but currently they all run in series).
I 've just found that there is /url/ about this in Jenkins bug database.
Spinnaker normally treats artifacts as pass-through, so in order to get the contents of the file inside the pipeline you 'll have to go through an intermediate stage such as writing out a property file in a jenkins stage ( /url/ ) or via webhook with custom auth headers.
When I used mysqldump command in Jenkinsfile of Gogs (git) to backup my database, I got an error in Jenkins build says that mysqldump not found, even I build first mysql container.
Normally Jenkins will enforce this naming pattern even when /url/, regardless of what filename you used for the upload, so I am not sure how you came to have a /code/ file here, unless you directly copied it into this filesystem location.
When I am trying to establish a connection from jenkins to the target server .I am getting the below error.
jenkins.plugins.publish_over.BapPublisherException: Failed to connect and initialize SSH connection Message: [Failed to connect session for config].
In case anyone else has the same issue: After some research, the only way that came to my mind to solve my problem was to modify the /url/ for the jenkins pipeline, in a way to add a new field that would contain value of time (in minutes) to delay the invoking of the url.
Jenkins ends with error because your batch file return an exit code different to zero, which means: .
After that, you could use jenkins pipeline script to invoke each batch file and using a try catch , control the error and also update a counter_error variable.
It seems there is a problem in the Jenkins project workspace or Jenkins is not able to invoke firefox or chrome browser.
/pre/  The error in Jenkins is that it does not recognize the task /code/ .
After that, you may get the status of your jenkins jobs: normal finished or error exited.
While executing a job under Jenkins, timestamp is not shown in the console build log.
To add timestamp to console build log, I have downladed "Timestamper" plugin and enabled "Add timestamps to the Console Output" option in each of my jobs' configurations under Jenkins.
But when I checked the same build log file in the "jobs" folder under Jenkins home directory, the timestamp in not appeneded in the log file.
have Jenkins to show also my defined parameters in the report .
I tried to put if conditions to check if these parameters are empty/null but that gave me the following error in the console output in jenkins: .
I 've created simple batch file, that backs up my Jenkins directory.
This is necessary because Jenkins cannot reliably detect such a URL   from within itself.
The username on the webappserver does have to match the used username to login from jenkins, otherwise SSH does not know, which username to use and you do get the already defined error.
The URL that you provide as argument to /code/ must be accessible by the Jenkins master process.
Its not working, jenkins does not identify global variable.
Passing credentials as headers (My jenkins job does not need a token .
tried adding wait in jenkins job to see if it was a network upload issue .
The password cannot be found at the location /jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword.
After few minutes, at the end of installation and initialization of Jenkins it gives a temporary password.
Copy it and now you can access Jenkins at /url/ and enter the temporary password .
The test failures are showed but I want to end the script with something like exit code 1 because I will run this in Jenkins and I wa n't to check if tests work or not depending on the buildresult colour.
I have to log a file system path in the Jenkins log after it completes the run.
I know /code/ will be logged as a hyperlink in Jenkins pipeline, however clicking on it does n't seem working.
Though some of my test case is failing, jenkins job is reporting as Pass since the batch script was completed successfully.
Is there  a way to pass the Failure report back to batch file and then to Jenkins to report fail if any test case in the suite failed.
Then, it (Jenkins) is the tool that can do anything else on the remote systems for you.
When Jenkins builds automatically on the the same server, I get the EINTEGRITY error.
This is a pretty old question, but If you change your Jenkins/tomcat start/stop procedure to be a standard init/systemd/windows service (as all well behaved services should be), you could have a service.running for the Jenkins service and add this to each of your custom-plugin-{{ cust_plugin }} states.
/pre/  If you use a build server like Jenkins, TeamCity or AppVeyor the runtime missing /code/ might exist there as well.
Now I am trying to run this test from jenkins but it is failing because of the same problem.
I may be late to the party, but I still ran into this problem on a new Jenkins setup on Server 2016. .
/pre/  However when I run this code as part of the jenkins pipeline it thows and exception and the results are below: .
/pre/  However, Jenkins complains: .
When I run my selenium test (mvn test) from jenkins (windows) I see only the console output.
How can I configure jenkins so that I can see the browsers running the test?
I want to create a pipeline for jenkins and workwith jenkinsfile I use the same git credentials for pipeline  but error: cant fetch origin master.
/pre/  Jenkins stores artifacts in the following location: .
Is it possible to read XML report from my local machine and display it in as Jenkins logs.
Anyone know why this problem happens in jenkins?
/pre/  I added also /code/ which disables all output to console and implicitly results in never prompting the user like on using additionally the switch /code/ which otherwise should be used here for example on using /code/ instead of /code/ to get output error messages which Jenkins captures, but no other status information.
In case we try to excute our automated test suite unde Jenkins management we receive java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError in test that work with keyboard.
I 'm trying to run the tests directly in the workspace of jenkins and to do this I also created a separate database, but at the moment I get the error: .
We 're running Jenkins on an air gapped network.
Maybe, the firewall blocks Jenkins .
Ok so the problem was : I was hardcoding the pom file from the eclipse workspace directly to the Jenkins pom file path and this is wrong.
I deal with the same problem (jenkins multibranch pipeline) - having only commit information and trying to find a branch name where this commit originally came from.
But I am getting the following error after Jenkins build .
You should run your tests locally BEFORE Jenkins gets involved.
Once it looks good locally, use some trigger like a git branch push to have Jenkins also run those tests and create the XML results file on the Jenkins server.
/pre/  The problem is that Jenkins keeps asking me to approve method invocation on the line /code/ and even though I approve the script, it still asks me that which made me to think perhaps I ca n't call /code/ inside /code/  .
In the Jenkins file,I 've added a stage where I want to publish the Nunit report after the tests finish, however for every run a folder labelled with the date and time is created, so it is important that I always pick the last folder from the list.
It 's not working, Jenkins does not identify the global variable.
Whole multibranch pipeline is working properly including triggering build from webhooks and enforcing jenkins status check for every pull request.
Exception is taken from STD jenkins output.
Im using WinSCP + Powershell to automatically transfer the build result of Jenkins to our shared server so it can easily be accessed by QA and Dev teams.
Upload the generated jacoco.hpi file and restart Jenkins .
After this is done, the Post Build step to run JaCoCo reports disappears, and I see this in jenkins logs: .
When I tried calling this API using Groovy Rest Client in a Gradle file, from Jenkins, I am getting below exception.
Had this problem when setting up integration tests in Jenkins.
Jenkins on the machine suddenly stopped working.
Though another jenkins server works file (Which is a slave).
But for this jenkins instance (Standalone) it gives connection refused error.
I am trying to run my local Selenium Project through Jenkins but it is getting failed with error.
but I ca n't access the jenkins from web browser... .
I accessed the Jenkins(/url/) from a web browser, and get the timed error.
The issue is when I start a build in Jenkins it says "skipping: no hosts matched" or I have already tested the directory manually and it works.
Even though Jenkins runs as the user account I used to map the network drive, the service does not see any mapped network drives.
Whenever my Test Scripts start to Run when I build my JOB in Jenkins, I get this error i.e.
I am trying to create a jenkins CI pipeline and my code is written using jenkins DSL.Specifically,I am facing issue when  am passing username and password to dsl api for ZAP(zad attack proxy) by parameterized Build.The error getting displayed is: .
/pre/  Once the file Exists it will break the loop and continue with your jenkins build.
Any calls to these will result in method not found errors unless you find a way to make them available without causing problems in Jenkins .
Now, I have 2 credentials of type "Username with password" stored on Jenkins already, call them /code/ and /code/.
Today all of sudden I started getting below error on my Jenkins server while building app using git pr branch .
But the Jenkins job fails with the error: Cannot retrieve .Id from  'docker inspect my.docker.repo/centos7' .
Subsequently I can navigate to the Jenkins server and the Id does show in the response returned by executing  'docker inspect my.docker.repo/centos7'.
We are in the process of migrating to Jenkins 2 (we anticipate to get migration done in the next 2 months).
/pre/  However, If Jenkins was notified by webhook, the job is not triggered.
If you insist on your team members not downloading and installing what is required for it to run, you 'll have to put your automation tests onto 'Jenkins' and host on a server(we use AWS) they 'd be able to see the output of the tests but would not be able to see the browsers processing the tests.
/pre/  And the error message I get when I run the Jenkins job is below: .
To explain why this behavior happens, it is best to turn to the Jenkins source code.
The error indicates that you are running out of space on the machine where the jenkins master is running.
Your approach with shared location and cmd script will work only if you can guarantee that your local PDM vault will always be synced with the server at the time of your Jenkins build.
If your jenkins is hooked up to a code review system, you may disable merges that fail builds, to make sure bad snapshots do n't get on your master branch.
The exception you are getting is due to Jenkins' strict pipeline DSL.
/pre/  When i tried and run it in jenkins and i got error like below.
Most likely the cause is that Jenkins is already running on the same port (8080).
Try to change Gerrit 's /code/ to another port (or change Jenkins' port).
//    **Am running a meter script integrated with jenkins,when trying to send report it complains about "file not found exception"     have tried it locally it works fine but once moved on to the server getting the error.
Real problem is that SSL certificate present by repo.jenkins-ci.org is not in your trusted ca database (peer not authenticated).
I am getting the following error in the Jenkins pipeline output.
When I am committing my code into SVN repository , I need to trigger one Jenkins Job.
But still I am not getting the latest code in Jenkins.
A complication with that is that the Jenkins worker, which is already a Vagrant guest machine on the physical host, should start another Vagrant guest machine directly on the host, not within itself (which would be both complicated and de-optimized with VirtualBox provider).
The problem may be my attached EBS volume for jenkins home directory, I am able to build the jobs after this command.
From jenkins , send the artifact , executing an http request to /deploy .
My slave (macmini) is in different network and behind firewall (This network can make reach my Jenkins Infra).
Problem: Configuring Jenkins master to connect with such namespace in IBM cloud to provision agents and run the jobs as needed.
The build runs into an error and jenkins says: .
/pre/  But when the same code is executed in Jenkins, I get the error -  .
/pre/  Any suggestions on what could be the reason for Jenkins to give this error?
If anyone is having issues in CI(Jenkins/Travis) instead of making manual changes every time build hook can be handy  .
But I did not had console access to jenkins machine and also I did n't see workspace folder by default on Jenkins UI.
In Jenkins, in the console output, it shows the message .
I am new to Jenkins , I want to send email after a jenkins slave job is finished with hyperlinked title as "Please see-> DETAILED REPORT &lt;- for more information... " and test results (testngReport.html  ) as the email body.
If you 're using Openshift, you might also try putting a Hadoop client inside a Docker image that could run in Jenkins, or anywhere else  .
Jenkins log shows either a variable name or whitespaces for most of attempts.
When this happens, the correct branch is checked out, but jenkins continues polling the old branch.
make a report(test result) and let it be shown in Jenkins (I like allure report and you can download Jenkins-allure plugin without restarting jenkins) .
So, I think I might broken our Jenkins Windows Server or instance.
Just checking why my Jenkins builds have been failing and it seems that  the main jenkins.log file has swallowed all available space on my drive.
Would it be safe to remove this file (would jenkins create another) then i could change logging settings.
In this case I have a Jenkins server running on my local PC.
When the Git server can access the Jenkins server, then you should definitely use a webhook.
For reasons that I fully do n't understand the problem was the my "KEY" Attribute (An Oauth Key that is used for Github) was not properly getting injected in the the jenkins slave at time of build.
It is in my dockerFile and when I ran it locally it existed so I do n't know why it was n't able to be read by Jenkins.
Recently I 've got a Jenkins Job which run a couple of tests and generate a string report.
I have been struggling with getting my Jenkins setup to run my NUnit tests.
I then Build the test from Jenkins and everything seems fine: /url/ .
And at the bottom of the Jenkins console output it looks like the test is running.. but its not!
I have a multi-branch declarative pipeline on Jenkins, which gets triggered by repo events from my Bitbucket cloud account and I 'd like it to report the result back to Bitbucket.
/pre/  I discovered that the second and all consecutive commits to a pull request cause a condition when Jenkins build fails when notifying Bitbucket of the build result with a message: /code/.
When I run my tests on Jenkins (mac) permissions are not granted, no media transfers over, and all of my tests fail.
After some issues, i discovered that this specific method runs on my Jenkins master (linux), not on the slave.
Is there a way to check the error log and, in particular, the number of consecutive failures and then integrate the post build task in the Jenkins job?
When Jenkins tries to run safari tests, I see the same error as above.
I added it to run during the jenkins job as well with no luck.
I have Jenkins slaves connected with master and after some intervals my Jenkins slave is going to offline and whenever its going to offline I am manually running the Jnlp command(Run from slave command line: .
java -jar slave.jar -jnlpUrl /url/ -secret af95sdsda051229eb57b1d51202e5cf986a1cbcfbb2e0a5130d915ba037297a0 ) in slave machine to connect with master but every time I ca n't login to slave and run the command.Is there any way to run my Jenkins slave automatically.I have configured slave and the Launch method is launch slave agents via java web start.Do n't know how to resolve the issue.Could any one please help me out on this?
Main problem for me now is to launch them within Jenkins Job.
Tests are working perfectly when I launch them via command line, but when I run identical command within Jenkins job my tests fail.
Jenkins is checking the exit code.
It is totally safe to delete jenkins.log file.
Jenkins does n't read any information from log file.
Jenkins has proactive monitoring to make sure forward and reverse proxy is configured correctly.
Starting with version 1.572, even Jenkins instances that do not rely on reverse proxy will display this warning.
Pass host 's Docker socket to this container and whenever you need a Jenkins worker start a new container inside your Jenkins server.
Jenkins stores its information in xml files.
Right, This errors occurs when you are trying to start the jenkins using /code/ on port 8080 (by default).
Exception in thread "Jenkins initialization thread"   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: hudson/util/HudsonFailedToLoad Caused   by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: hudson.util.HudsonFailedToLoad .
Git server would send notification to filtering service, then you could filter it however you like and send (or not) notification to real Jenkins.
Running the following code with default jenkins in ubuntu18.04 leads to the following error.
When I run my test locally everything is fine but running Jenkins gives me  .
I 'm to build a Jenkins job that would automatically update a specific key within an Openshift configMap, as this was suggested by me, but now I 'm facing problems actually doing it.
I sometimes have SurefireBooterForkException but the jenkins build is not failed or even test failures are stated (i.e.
I running into a problem with an selenium automation test in Jenkins that is running on a remote Linux Server.
The rational behind is that jenkins takes care of the housekeeping for you, to prevent that you end up with lots of stopped containers hanging around on your build machine.
In this case if you are running tests in local, use it and for the Jenkins or CI, remove it and place the /code/ to target a particular url.
Are you able to access the Jenkins master form the slave, there could be some connectivity issue, if there is no connectivity issue, try launching the windows slave from the browser .
Created a Jenkins Jobs and configured with SonarQube to show code coverage metrics, and the job runs successfully.
/pre/  You 're asking Jenkins to collect environment variables with every upload and download method which uses this buildInfo.
/pre/  Is needed for maven test (and Jenkins) to detect and execute the tests!
/pre/  If /code/ falls for some reason then Jenkins will automatically stop and remove the container: .
/pre/  How do I prevent Jenkins to destroy the container on failure?
I tried grepping and doing a netstat on jenkins master for our JNLP port, i never got any process running on that particular port.
Seems jenkins is storing the JNLP port information somewhere and not sure of it.
Apparently the problem occurred when we restarted our jenkins master.
Since few days a warning is being popping up at the end of Jenkins console.
The problem was that the Jenkins was n't logging the real error.
at ObjCRuntime.Runtime.throw_ns_exception (System.IntPtr exc) [0x00000] in     /Users/builder/jenkins/workspace/xamarin-macios/xamarin-macios/runtime/Delegates.generated.cs:126 .
Can anyone help in handling this auto-truncate issue in jenkins string parameter?
But jenkins is truncating "Go" automatically due to which incorrect word is processed by my code.
It turns out the /code/ environment variable on the Jenkins account was missing the /code/ path and could n't access NuGetFallbackFolder (where the NETStandard.Library reference is located) as a result.
Is it possible to export the results/logging of each step to a separate file which can be displayed/ formatted in several Jenkins stages?
However, when I try to use the exact same Dockerfile through Jenkins, I get following error: .
I 'm guessing it has something do with users and that differs somehow between how Jenkins runs and how it works when I run the steps manually.
I have a jenkins image, I made service as NodeType.
I have selenium hub and chrome and Firefox also running in container under same network as jenkins..chrome and Firefox are linked to hub.
We dont have to configure anything manually in the Jenkins UI, everything is done through the script (pipeline as code).
Additional info: the only service running on the server is Jenkins, but its home is under /code/.
/pre/  When I try to hit localhost or 127.0.0.1 (jenkins is setup to listen on port 80) I get this error: .
This is the expected response or an error?, my job is a multibranch pipeline, in Jenkins the job is not executed.
/pre/  At Jenkins Location area, there is a System Admin e-mail address input.
From Jenkins server I can ping the hostname and the correct IP is resolved.
However when I run my Jenkins Job, I get the following error: .
Had the same issue on Jenkins 2.138.1 with Bitbucket plugin and the problem was that I had to enable "Source Code Management" -> git, otherwise it wo n't do anything although the webhook appeared on Jenkins 's log (/var/log/jenkins/jenkins.log).
I want to trigger a jenkins job each time a new file is uploaded to an artifactory folder only if that file is an *.exe.
I am able to trigger the job but for some reason file is not getting uploaded to the jenkins workspace.
Then, I restarted Jenkins and now I can see the stage view.
I need a workaround, but I ca n't change the global Jenkins config (it would slow down all builds).
In that case Jenkins ca n't create any external processes.
I have n't been able to build a job in Jenkins because I get the "status code 143:" error in the Build log.
When the docker file tries to create the container using Jenkins pipeline, it fails with the below error : "Starting the development server... .
/pre/  but,when i run the same scripts with above code in jenkins it is throwing below error, so please help me what might be the issue java.lang.IllegalStateException: The driver is not executable: /xxx/xxx/jenkins-slave/workspace/ .
I have a scenario where a Jenkins build should get triggered automatically only when all the issues under a particular JIRA project are changed to " IN PROGRESS" state.
A Jenkins build should only be triggered when the remaining 2 tickets also move from "TO DO" to "IN PROGRESS" .
I can trigger the Jenkins build automatically for individual issue status change by using the JIRA webhook and JIRA trigger plugin in Jenkins by selecting the option of Build when an issue is updated in JIRA and passing the required parameter in Jenkins job, but I need a condition where build should happen only when all issues(and not just one) for a particular project are updated to " IN PROGRESS" in JIRA.
I have a requirement to send weekly report about all the jobs that ran on the Jenkins.
Third Step Jenkins Server COMPUTER-A will send success mail .
How to notify the jenkins job in COMPUTER-A (Since its already completed) to sent mail with cucumber report file which is their in remote server COMPUTER-B.
i can run corn job to check for build success , but how to notify the jenkins to send email with the cucumber test report.
the log shows successful Publish of  HTML report, but not able to see in the Jenkins build page.
I need to send a testng report through email in Jenkins after the job is completed, but the name of the report changes each time the test is started.
How do I add the unit-test results from nosetests (preferably without generating xml file) to the Jenkins build?
When I create/update (commit changes) merge request in Gitlab it is triggered POST request (webhook) to Jenkins for building my branch.
I wanted to start with Gitlab API (close/reopen merge request) + Gitlab plugin (get populated variables from POST e.g merge request id) but I have read that Jenkins' Gitlab plugin is not supporting multibranch pipeline (mentioned variables are not populated) so it makes much harder to write such code.
The Jenkins service must be executed only on the machine where the automated tests are to be executed.
Finally, We found the problem of extreme slow execution pipelines Jenkins, it was triggered because we did some changes in our firewall, it provoked the connection to bitbucket would be too slow only in the segment of servers.
I am trying to send my test report from Jenkins to email using emailext plugin and I can send email without attachment, but if I attach any document it fails.
I use Generic Webhook Trigger Plugin and my response body has the Jenkins job name that was/ will be triggered.
E/jni_mate: #     # Fatal error in /var/lib/jenkins/jobs/jni-mate/workspace/configuration/Release/label/master/jni-mate/src/main/jni/classreferenceholder.cc, line 92     # Check failed: !jni->ExceptionCheck()     # error during FindClass: com/twilio/voice/impl/session/Account .
However, I cannot get any parameters from Jenkins to go into the gradle.properties file.
You can get commit url using below code which can be tested in jenkins script-console  .
Edit your email directly in the /code/ configuration file and restart the Jenkins server .
Also Check that the url of the jenkins server is correct.
The most easy way, with direct access to the machine is to copy the job folder from first jenkins to another one (you can exclude workspaces - /code/ folder), because the whole job configuration is stored in the xml file on the disk.
Normal   Created                3m (x4 over 4m)  kubelet,   gke-jenkins-cd-default-pool-83e2f18e-hvwp  Created container   Normal    Started                3m (x4 over 4m)  kubelet,   gke-jenkins-cd-default-pool-83e2f18e-hvwp  Started container   Warning   BackOff                2m (x8 over 4m)  kubelet,   gke-jenkins-cd-default-pool-83e2f18e-hvwp  Back-off restarting failed   container .
I am getting the following error when I attempt to execute a maven project using Jenkins.
Configured Jenkins to send emails after every build run, the email content contains a report URL, it was all working fine from many days but recently what we noticed that the URL in email content is different though once we click on the URL, it shows the proper report something like this.
I am trying to set up a jenkins pipeline and I get this error message: .
Just so everyone knows, my issue was related to a bug in the version of Jenkins I have (2.129).
Here is where I encounter the issue in Jenkins.
C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\angular-test-publish-IIS>exit 9009    Build step 'Ejecutar un comando de Windows' marked build as failure   Finished: FAILURE  .
I want few jobs not to fire for all the commits so if disable the project, will it stop from firing even the webhook triggers the jenkins?
Alright, you 'll need to change a few things in the Jenkins master UI which if I understand correctly runs within your Azure account.
You really should be running that Jenkins master on IBM, or if you have a good reason for this weird setup, at least make sure this connection goes over a VPN... .
I need code to jenkins scripted pipeline where I can say that pipeline is only allowed to trigger from changes in git directory and not from changes in whole repository to avoid useless triggers.
I 've almost got it to work, just being stuck on the sim node, where for some reason Jenkins is performing a code checkout there!?
remote file operation failed: /home/jenkins/workspace/WORKSPACE@3 at hudson.remoting.Channel@759ed7a6::   hudson.remoting.ChannelClosedException: Channel "unknown": Remote call   on  failed.
When running something similar to the code snippet above, I see this error in jenkins: .
Raised Issue with Jenkins /url/ .
I have a scenario where on commit to repository branch let say UAT triggers a jenkins job or send email to multiple users.
In my post build action I have this setup and my Jenkins log shows that it is setting the status: .
/pre/  But I am not able to see any merge status after the merge happens : The /code/ you see in the image is from Validation, (creation of PR) and not the status after merge job builds in Jenkins.
What I am trying to setup is to get a status like if the merge job failed or passed from Jenkins?
/pre/  And when i run it on Jenkins it gives the error that  'make command not found' on the console of the Jenkins.I think this is because of the environment variable.How to fix this?
The jenkins slave node is connected to master as soon as node starts up.
You can always manually say to Jenkins to fail build by setting error code by yourself.
/pre/  Try with make a request to you jenkins url .
but, when i setup dependencies with npm (like our jenkins does), it breaks this "Build Error (UglifyWriter) Cannot read property '_walk' of null".
I do see the error being generated, but Jenkins job still shows up as successful.
How do I trap the error below  so it fails the status of Jenkins job:   .
Jenkins job is still marked successful even though the error is occuring                 .
/pre/  EDIT #3: Actually when I am debugging in the shell $RESPONSE does n't contain any data, so it would explain why it does n't change the status of the jenkins job.
/pre/  Is it some access issue of Jenkins user on master node?.
I tried the same on stand-alone installation of Jenkins and it is working without any issues.
I 'm not sure how Jenkins and Python could make a file being owned by root in the first case, but have n't looked into this but guess it 's a logical explanation for it.
The issue looks similar to /url/ mentioned under the Jenkins Issue.
However, when running in Jenkins the following error is shown for ALL my tests, eg.
jobName is not replaced with the value I entered in Jenkins .
Why does Jenkins behave differently--i.e., old files are not overwritten?
When I trigger a build, Jenkins-executor was waiting forever .
I have a problem with Jenkins and I just can not solve it.
I want to know how we can setup a jenkins pipeline job which gets triggered after each commit made github private repository.
Confirm that the service_versions.csv is in source control and being checked out to the Jenkins workspace first.
The master-slave mechanism in Jenkins and the action of tying the job to the slave should ensure that the workspace is copied over to the slave.
I ca n't live this as it is since it will cause build issue on Jenkins machine.
/pre/  Before this jenkins did a step that succeeded using git: /url/ Does anyone has an idea what could be wrong?
/pre/  Finally, save &amp; quit ... then attempt Jenkins restart .
Is this a bug in Jenkins (2.121.2) or the Mailer plugin (1.21)?
As long as you are using work items and kicking off builds from within RTC (even if it uses Jenkins for the build engine), then you can get a TON of data.
I am encountering similar issues with trying to execute Groovy files via Jenkins.
Setting the classpath in Jenkins itself via the "Inject environment variables..." setting by setting the property content .
Since that path does not exist in Jenkins container.
Have been trying for hours for setting up master-slave configuration in jenkins and getting this error when triggering the jnlp file from slave machine: "SEVERE: The server rejected the connection: None of the protocols were accepted java.lang.Exception: The server rejected the connection: None of the protocols were accepted".. Everything seems set correctly from my end - Java 1.8.181 in both master and slave machines, jenkins 2.147 in both machines.
Ive tried $GIT_PREVIOUS_SUCCESSFUL_COMMIT, but it didnt seem to work and seemed wrong to us anyways because the previous Jenkins commit could be based off a completely different branch(parent) so the Diff of whats changed wouldnt make sense.
The only method worked for me was to reduce the font size for the contents displayed in screen, otherwise when Jenkins as service when launches chrome driver do n't let you maximize or resize.
/pre/  I tried looking at the logs for the job as well as the logs at /var/log/jenkins but I do not see anything detailed.
I am getting following error when trying to execute jenkins: .
I tried it and  Jenkins actually fails to execute /code/ because PATH must be empty.
Maybe you can try to simplify the Windows Batch command and try if the report will generate and copy to the Jenkins server.
What is the best way to make this code work NOT throw exceptions in a Jenkins pipeline?
The first thing to be aware of is that "agent any" can run on any slave configured on your Jenkins server, hence it may run on a Linux or Windows slave depending upon the configuration.
Since the logs will be available as Jenkins output, it is not an option to show passwords.
I recently saw that one Jenkins slave(which is auto-scaled) is sending too many requests to another server at a particular time.
But when I run the same code through jenkins(installed in windows system), showing below error and video is not getting recorded.
How can I get access to passwords defined in Jenkins Global Configuration?
Like @bahrep said its hard to troubleshoot issues like this, but my guess is that your post-commit hook does n't work because of "Prevent Cross Site Request Forgery exploits" Jenkins security option (You 've confirmed it 's enabled).
If your Jenkins uses the "Prevent Cross Site Request Forgery exploits"   security option, the above request will be rejected with 403 errors   ("No valid crumb was included").
I think the problems occur because you have n't provided Jenkins instance address.
/pre/  You should change /code/ to your Jenkins instance address (Ip, domain or ip and port.
I got the same issue when using Jenkins docker container to run another container.
Otherwise, you can access the files inside the newly created container with the same location as Jenkins container.
Error message from jenkins  .
/pre/  i want the value /code/ from this whole file, but i am unable to get this value Also /code/value is different for different launch method the jenkins slave uses .
Same machines, without any problem connected to the Jenkins running on local machine.
But when the shell script is ran from jenkins (with the exact same parameter and the same user) it fails codesigning the archive.
When I was executed POM.xml from eclipse manually it 's executing successfully but when I trigger from Jenkins it is showing message like this .
We are using jenkins for publishing allure report but would need to send failure details over email.
What do I have to do to access the server using a Jenkins pipeline?
When running the script under the Jenkins user, it worked fine as I was using sudo, but when I tried to run directly the /code/ I got an error :  .
I ran once more the /code/ command line under jenkins user, and then it found the keychain, stored the access and my Jenkins script was n't stuck anymore .
To do this, you have to actually change Jenkins configuration to store all data in /code/ which you have already created in your /code/ above.
Usually one configures Selenium tests on Jenkins to run headlessly for most Jenkins systems do not run on a system with a display service (e.g.
Now, the application can be built successfully, but then i can still see the exception above in my jenkins log and it made the jenkins pipeline fail.
Is it because the actual build took longer and the jenkins pipeline cant get a hold of this getProject() object?
When I run tests via Jenkins I get error: .
I am suddenly getting this error in Jenkins: .
Jenkins will abort the post-build-action if you try to forcibly terminate the process (click 'x' mark more than once) .
Recently I get an issue on go get when processing build on Jenkins: the Go get command will be randomly failed when trying to build images.
I have this error when I want build a Pull Request Bitbucket with Jenkins.
When the Jenkins master schedules the slave, sometimes (as I haven’t seen a pattern, as of now), the pod makes the entire node unreachable and changes the status of node to be Unknown.
I would like to have this cleanup step run when the job is aborted via Jenkins web interface but Jenkins seems to forcibly terminate this process not letting it run the finally statement.
/pre/  I have mounted the keystore from a config map in the jenkins slave pod at /code/ path but ca n't come up with a way to enforce the usage of that keystore.
How to make Jenkins to run post build action when the current job fails?
Migrating all the data was n't hard but the unexpected side effect is, that all jenkins jobs have lost their build history.
i have a jenkins JSON API that gives me an output stored in a variable /code/ .
/pre/  The issue that happens is when I want to deploy the code (CD over Jenkins) it comes to the touch  .
/pre/  Doing this manually works great, but in Jenkins the above fails with: .
Since this is running under Jenkins, I know that there should at least be a workspace path in front of it, yet I 'm not getting any of that.
Only when TFS Build is triggered by check-in, it fails to trigger Jenkins.
I have installed a git plugin on Jenkins and upon restarting it, it can no longer read the config.xml file as a result of the below exception: .
I am getting the below mentioned error when i am trying to build my app through Jenkins.
I was getting the same error (CodeSign 65) on my Jenkins server.
My bad..for the Jenkins URL under Manage Jenkins-> Configure System I had entered localhost instead of the server IP which caused the issue.
Upon a safe restart of Jenkins, I am now seeing my Jenkins jobs failing for the following error that previously never appeared.
I had the same issue on my Jenkins server.
/pre/  (/code/ is the number of rows displayed after restarting Jenkins).
I have used below lines to attach single report as email body and it works as expected through jenkins.
Is there an alternative way of changing the path based on another variable (received from Jenkins or default value received from a file)?
I solved the issue by redownloading the /code/ file from the Jenkins server, then restarting the slave.
And this is a stupid behavior on our Jenkins Integration System because there are these 3rd party providers message queues not available.
My Jenkins lives behind a /url/, and I configured it as myproxy port 3128 with a username and password, and a no_proxy of "10.*.*.*,ap-southeast-2.compute.internal,localhost,127.0.0.1,myothernoproxydomains.com".
Now when I use exit and go to localhost:8080 , it 's still Jenkins.
How do I stop Jenkins from adding jobs to the queue while all slaves are offline?
If you ca n't do that, you 'll need to adjust the security policy of the JVM running Jenkins to allow insecure encryption protocols by editing your /code/ file and adjusting this line to remove the suite your SVN server needs: .
Ensure the url you use to access jenkins and the setting Jenkins URL are same.
If unit test passed , then this code send to future test like web testing as well jenkins send the unit test report as html report to user by mail notification.
I expect Jenkins to return FAILED and stop building if the /code/ fails.
/pre/  It is mounting a directory in the Jenkins workspace as a volume in the container so that the saved test results can be viewed by Jenkins after the container completes.
If I look on the Jenkins slave VM, I can see that the results.xml file is in the location that it is supposed to be, and it contains the XML results of the tests.
/pre/  Why is Jenkins not able to get the test results, since I can see that the file is created?
/pre/  But when I get 404 error when try to open reports from Jenkins.
I am trying to get my Jenkins to send a Slack message when the junit tests fail, but it does not do any other actions when the tests fail.
The problem was related to some deleted files kept open by Jenkins.
So, through the error stack trace I found out that on the when-branch option, Jenkins compares with Ant style patterns: /url/ .
When running the batch commando below, this works but when doing it in Jenkins,  I get an error.
/pre/  Error in Jenkins: .
The master Jenkins log shows the following stack trace: .
However Through Jenkins UI It is showing as ERROR (Fallback Script) .
Update Same code works fine for Jenkins file defined within the Job.
issue seems to be specific to Managed Jenkins file .
My requirement is to publish the taurus report to Jenkins, rather than storing it to cloud storage or nexus.
You may check used system variables in Manage Jenkins - System Information.
I will recommend you to restart Jenkins and workstation due to changing may not be applied yet.
So when I run my tests via Jenkins, job 's parameters with the same name will override values, set in /code/ file.
I understand that the Jenkins Job would be running in any of the slave machine and hence the Jenkins-web-application 's logged in user who aborted the job would be different.
The use case if anyone wonders are sending jenkins urls saved as fragments as a whole.
/pre/  The test runs and passes locally, but when I run a Jenkins build, it fails with java.nio.file.NoSuchFileException: src\test\resources\testfile.xml .
/pre/  I 've verified that the permissions are correct for all the folders (home is owned by root, the rest are owned by jenkins and have permissions for everything except global write).
Because when script run date and run is dynamic.. How to give this folder name to Jenkins to pick up result.html to send in mail?
I can write this attachment path in the external file.. Can we read this file using Jenkins and give this parameter in the attachment field.
I need to send an email notification from jenkins to the authors of a git commit.
On our Jenkins machine which spins off slave nodes for each build, the tests that trigger audio crash.
We 've just got our Jenkins machine and code updated for iOS 12 and Xcode 10. .
/pre/  but still on the jenkins, it is showing the build is successful.
/pre/  When i do run it on Jenkins,the console output says /code/ and also it gives an error /code/ even though i have added /code/ to /etc/sudoers file.
Did a quick test to create a folder under jenkins root directory logged in as a different user and I get the below error as expected.
The jenkins root folder already exists and it 's getting a permission denied to create anything within this folder as expected .
9.After doing step 7 Jenkins job will get trigger on PullRequest 10.Step 8 required to get  information from Pull request Payload 11./url/ .
Jenkins and Travis computers often are virtual machines without a microphone at all.
However the file does not reach my artifactory and Jenkins does not give an error.
Would it be "Sudo service Jenkins status" PS.The problem statement is that jenkins was running a few weeks back but now when we hit the url the developers are not able to access the url and it times out.
When run Jenkins build it tries to clone repo for ~10-15min and than fails with the message you see above.
Except - at the end of the batch file - once we 've exited - Jenkins just pauses.
I currently have Jenkins setup to send through an AWS SMTP server, but I would like to change this so that I can send emails directly on the local network.
I have sendmail installed on the server, and a terminal test proves that Sendmail can transmit emails to an external address, so I know this is working, but I ca n't for the life of me get Jenkins to send directly via SendMail.
i am still getting authentication error for my SSH git via Jenkins.
I am trying to run a Jenkins Docker container and am getting Wrong volume permissions.
The problem is Jenkins does n't seem to notice the node disconnecting after the snapshot reversion (at least not right away) which can cause issues if I have another job start building it.
Is there anyway for Jenkins to notice the node has been disconnected faster?
I cleared any cache previous jenkins /code/ .
Maybe it was incompatible jenkins and plugins, or network issues.
As of today (10/30/2018), we noticed our builds breaking in Jenkins with this error.
We were able to recover the jobs from a recent backup and apply them back into the jenkins_home folder on the server.
The only way we knew to reload those jobs from disk was to hit the button "Reload Configuration from Disk"  (Jenkins->Manage Jenkins).
*Edit: So I have managed to produce a correct /code/ file by logging in to Jenkins and manually setting up the SSH keys, then copying the produced /code/ file, running it through /code/ encoding, adding it as a Kubernetes secret and then binding it to /code/ in the Jenkins Helm chart 's /code/.
After doing that, my Jenkins instance loads up with the /code/ file in place (/code/).
The Credentials do n't appear to be loading into the Jenkins UI correctly but I think I 'm on the right track.
I 'm trying to trigger Jenkins build whenever new changes are made in Github repo I followed this /code//url/ when I tried to redo exactly as shown in the video I get an error as We couldn’t deliver this payload: Could n't connect  to the server  .
I have added the public key in bitbucket cloud whereas added private key in jenkins server.
I added the jenkins url with job name (/url/) in bitbucket webhooks..but still cant trigger the job when user raise on pull request from bitbucket...i dont know where im wrong?
The frustrating thing was now even I rolled back snapshots, to Jenkins version 2.22, TFS 5.2.1, I am getting the same errors.
I accidentally deleted config.xml under jenkins root folder.
Still jenkins is running.
/pre/  Jenkins Error Message .
I 'm trying to accept multiple values from a groovy method into a Jenkins pipeline and keep hitting Pipeline Workflow errors, any pointers as to what I 'm doing wrong here is greatly appreciated.
/pre/  Location 1: myproject/jenkins/dockerfile - it fails to perform mkdir  .
But when Jenkins is running as a service, browser is not opening and always it is failing.
But this is starting jenkins when I login VM but if some circumstances due to windows patch update if machine gets restarted this is not working until I login the VM which is not i want.
Probably you are accessing jenkins by proxy server, please do following .
I am having a requirement to send weekly mail with details about the jobs ran on the jenkins.
I am building a jenkins pipeline plugin (methods to be invoked from a pipeline) and need to get retrieve information about the currently running job, which invoked my methods.
Jenkins keeps a history of the configuration, so you should be able to recover your deleted file from /var/lib/jenkins/config-history/[backup date folder] .
Jenkins however, which is also running these tests, has no access to the database in question.
Everytime Jenkins executes the tests I get: .
I do understand that this occurs due to the fact that jenkins can not establish a real connection to the database.
I 'm new to jenkins deploying my application on localhost tomcat but getting an error of Not authorized.
/pre/  I used Jenkins->Managed Files->Config File Management to set the server credentials  /url/ .
For some reason, jenkins does not show this question and as the server is waiting for input, it just seems to be hanging.
Could someome help explain the reason why the jenkins process does not show up on the result of the jps command.
Whenever I try to run the tests (either with complete flow from Jenkins or directly from CMD) I get the following error:  .
Sometimes, when my script is run by jenkins i get an error: .
However if the build fails how can I tell Jenkins that it failed?
Everything works fine when I manually connect the node to jenkins.
Error as below, just wondering why jenkins create a tmp dir in the workspace dir.
I think the "/home/jenkins/workspace/xxx_root_proj@tmp" is the problem, not sure how jenkins uses this.
Following post request in Pact-Broker is working fine for me on my local jenkins setup (need to check jenkin permissions to enable web-hook execution) /code/ .
A bug in Jenkins?
/pre/  why does not it show the port on which this container is running - so i can not reach jenkins on localhost:8080 .
Jenkins sends email via SMTP so as long as you have sendmail listening on loopback and configured to accept email it should work as long as you put localhost as the mail server .
Except that when I run the testes android with Jenkins (I use the plugin android emulator) I get errors, the problem is that sometimes 2/3 of the tests will work, sometimes no ..
My problem is that I ca n't force Jenkins to take Jenkinsfile from my selected commit.
Jenkins is able to fetch the repo inside /code/ but maven is failing to run /code/ and give following error.
/pre/  This is the error message I get in  jenkins logs.
We are thinking about use Jenkins to build the code every night but there 's a lot of issue due the deploy.
In Jenkins console output, I 'm able to see the NodeJs(AngularCLI logs etc) running but not able to get the error log of Nodejs project in the console output.
I am trying to run a Jenkins pipeline and I just keep getting the error ; .
When I build a code in command line, the command show an error and stop the build, but when i do the same in jenkins, the jenkins does n't show the error and and show that  the code was builded with sucessful.
and in Jenkins there is a blank space.
/pre/  Is accessing the Jenkins credential store possible for DB_PASS when loading a groovy env variable file?
Read in one of links in stackoverflow how people do transfer from one VM to another, by doing new installation of jenkins and then copying the data from old server?
But special jenkins expressions will still throw errors.
The outcome should be a copy paste script, for checking in and running with jenkins without major changes.
Running /code/ in the jenkins console returns lots of useful stuff like: .
Recently when we tried to run test with MSTest from Jenkins we received a 'TargetInvocationException' error.
I have a jenkins JOb which is calling the BAT file which contains the call for   /code/   .
/pre/  but jenkins workspace cleanup fails with :  .
I thoughts that a common / usual mode of operation for a Jenkins server, which runs as the "jenkins" user, is to use a plugin (such as SVN) to notice that the code changed, check-out the code, then build the code.
I was told (by our admins) that Jenkins should be configured so that it does NOT do the actual build, but rather, it simply calls another computer to do the work.
The "proper" way to handle this was to have the jenkins server remotely connect to an external computer as a user that has all appropriate permissions and then do all the work on a different computer.
It also means that I no longer have the ability to simply go to the Jenkins server and look at the build output to see what the specific errors are.
javax.mail.AuthenticationFailedException: 535 Authentication Failed   for jenkins@xxxx.com .
I have Jenkins server that is not allowed to connect to the internet for security reasons.
UPDATE: That 's the piece of code where is defined the task runSelenium (check the image with the Jenkins log that I posted): .
I have already copied the data on local folder which is Persistent Volume but I am not able to see my jobs on jenkins server.
/pre/  What is the correct way to mount a local directory in a POD so that I can transfer my Jenkins data to newly created Jenkins server on Kubernetes?
Take a look into Jenkins /url/ - it should give you the reason for the failure.
I tried to run an Unity Build with Jenkins but got this failed build error in the console output.Is there anyone that can help me fix this problem?
But when I execute the build, I get error, that jenkins is not able to connect sonar server.
While I am debating about rerunning everything from the start, I am obviously thinking of using a Jenkins slave to run my job, however, I do n't want to lose the hours of unload that had already completed.
When jenkins slave is installed as a Windows service (to ensure the agent runs even if nobody login on the machine), the user that runs jenkins binary is the Local System Account.
I have a slave node which has disk quota limitation on home/myaccount, however I found there 're .jenkins generated on my slave node when Jenkins' Jobs run on this node.
After some runs, the disk quota has exceed its limitation, is there any method to change the .jenkins not on my home directory but in other path?
So as a last resort I tried restarting the Jenkins service on the server like so: .
Since updating to Xcode 10 every aspect of the build Jenkins did would be successful except I would get that error and the build would fail.
The errors you list still exist in the Jenkins output.
However it no longer causes Jenkins to fail the build.
My Jenkins server is running properly on URL /url/ But I am having a problem for URL /url/ .
To ignore test phase failure, we can add below parameter under maven goals in jenkins .
Build seems to be success but when I open the workspace in jenkins it says no files, also I am triggering an email which has an attachment from the workspace.
I got this below error message after jenkins job build fail for jira create  .
The debug process shown in the above logs against the jenkins user is the mining script.
It should be jenkins_user@domain.com not @gitlab.com but even if I do a /code/ it still gives the same error.
I am using Maven surefire plugin to trigger testcase 's from Jenkins, once the execution is done a report is getting generated at the same time at the end of the build log, I can see the no off passed, failed and skipped tests.
I had the same issue and by looking in Jenkins' logs I saw it tried to terminate the instances but was refused to by AWS.
So, I checked in AWS Cloudtrail all the actions Jenkins tried and for which there was an error.
I 've got a jenkins job setup to run the unit tests every 5 minutes and send an email to me if any tests fail.
Currently, I only know how to generate and send off an XML file, but I 've got another jenkins job for unit testing against a .Net Core solution which sends off a TRX file to me if any jobs fail.
The issue was actually an underlying authentication issue with the bitbucket authentication I was using to poll Bitbucket from Jenkins.
/pre/  My point was to skip the build when Jenkins is commiting on the /code/ branch with a /code/ message.
I get below error when trying to deploy a WAR using Jenkins.
Please make sure that you configure the Sonarqube UserID and Password having privileges to access sonar server (execute analysis permissions) in the Sonar plugin for Jenkins.
The Jenkins master will poll your version control system (svn or git) and once it finds a new commit start a build on either itself or another computer/agent/"slave".
The product log file: mvn_jenkins.log will allow you to easily find problems as suggested by mjuarez: .
I faced the same issue and, at least here, it was due to Jenkins job waiting for all forked processes to end, when msbuild, by default, is spawning node processes which remain active for later reuse (see nodereuse flag of msbuild, which is set to true by default).
But I had build failure with below error message.I 'm a newbie for Jenkins plugins world.
Instead use: [ERROR] ==== [ERROR] mvn archetype:generate   -Dfilter=io.jenkins.archetypes: [ERROR] ==== [ERROR] [ERROR] -> [Help 1] [ERROR] [ERROR] To see the full stack trace of the errors, re-run   Maven with the -e switch.
I had a local Jenkins instance that it kept directing to.
I personally recommend you to have the history and Jenkins home located in different drives for a better memory management.
/pre/  I am passing in /code/ inside the jenkins parameter box (including the quotes) but the console output is printing out the following which causes the script not to work correctly, I believe.
Jenkins will display a test run report where you can see general information about testing results.
So I upgrade to jenkins_2.151_all.deb (on my ubuntu box), but now I keep getting this error message: .
I am admin of a couple of old (v1.580.13) Cloudbees Jenkins servers I need to support and ca n't yet decommission and I used to run a cleanup script which clears out workspaces on slaves.
/pre/  And when execute the above in Jenkins i see the following logs where no code being checked out and my further stages fail on this.
Does 'Archive artifacts only if build is successful' set as true means, any artifacts wo n't be created in Jenkins if build fails ?
Started by user Jenkins Admin Building remotely on slave01 in workspace d:\jenkins\workspace\Test Triggering Test � default Test � default completed with result FAILURE Finished: FAILURE .
Archiving artifacts in jenkins means that the artifacts will be saved on the Jenkins master (for later usage).
I do n't know mortar but in your case this will probably also mean: if the build is successful on your Jenkins slave, then your Artifacts will be copied to the jenkins master and stored there.
Multiple security vulnerabilities in Jenkins 2.145 and earlier, and   LTS 2.138.1 and earlier .
When a Jenkins slave goes down, all the pending jobs automatically get transferred over to the master.
I am in the process of connecting a static slave to Jenkins master.
The /code/ is passed as part of the slave-agent.jnlp you download to start your Jenkins slave.
But if I want to overwrite the ear file by rerunning the jenkins job, the file is not overwritten.
If the jenkins job run again, it creates another instance of the ear file and throws an error that there is an EJB with the same name on the server.
/pre/  In jenkins the playbook seems to take a map for extraVars and my escaping attempts have n't yet worked .
But the if condition throws below error message in jenkins.
I want to set the commit status on my gitea server after a build in jenkins.
Only fails when Jenkins runs it.
So what I did was an error to assume, my Ubuntu system default groovy interpreter would work the same like the jenkins interpreter.
How do I set a Jenkins Pipeline job to be triggered when a branch is updated with a new commit?
Running my jenkins pipeline I am able to have it output the commit message correctly using .
I 'd like Jenkins to check if the directory /root/elp contains data with the name *.php If this is the case, jenkins should execute a command.
If there is nothing in the folder, Jenkins should finish the job with success.
Better to encrypt all passwords using config server encrypt.key: "{$somepassphrase}" and store this passphrase(master key) as env variable and pass it using Jenkins while generating a pipeline.
to set up the webhook I made the local Jenkins server available to the internet so that the plugin would catch the webhook.
Jenkins is unable to clean up the workspace with deleteDirs() in the post step because it is all owned by root after the run.
Running the docker agent as root changes the workspace permissions so jenkins can no longer run the next run, or delete the workspace at the end.
Thus, I ca n't clean anything up, and jenkins loses access to it.
This will fail because the Jenkins node ca n't clean up the workspace at the end, and on the next run it will have no access to the files because the ownership would 've changed.
Running /code/ standalone works fine, but when the same runs in Jenkins it shows an error : .
When jenkins tries to connect to the instance the logs show: .
I created a web hook URL which triggers a Job in Jenkins, so now issue is like whomever is committing code in any of the branch WEB HOOK is getting triggered.
But the problem is when I add git repository to the jenkins Source Code Management section it shows an error of permission denied.
For the after-run results report attached to jenkins consider using Allure reporting framework: /url/.
Otherwise it appears when the SSH connection is killed, Jenkins stops the VM.
I 'm configured a jenkins job to run a python script that posts to a url for every 10 minutes and check if it is getting correct response using Python requests.
I have a created a Jenkins pipeline job and also added the webhook for the piepline in GitLab for the merge events and for the merge request my pipeline is executing.
I ran into the same issue this evening and it broke my builds in Jenkins because of an expired ssl certificate on my Gitlab server.
Listed below are the steps you need to take in order to remedy the Jenkins build error when Jenkins trys to pull from your Gitlab repository when Gitlabs ssl certificate has expired.
8) Now on your Jenkins server, you need to update your /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt with the new Gitlab server certificate .
It is working after that and Jenkins is n't closing the JVM anymore .
/pre/    /pre/  Can anybody tell me whether I need to run jenkins as a sudo user or if it 's due to another problem?
First of all have a look o Jenkins logs in order to check if it receives the Hook.
/pre/  I can login to the same server as user jenkins and run the same command without any issues.
After update, Jenkins home dir had a mess of files with /code/ and /code/ owners.
I have a local Jenkins server that I 've set up and created jobs for.
/pre/  Here I have used curl command to trigger Jenkins build if the Jira ticket status changed, but the curl command is not working here .
For my selenium Nnuint tests, Access Data Base Engine used to read data from Excel sheet.While these tests are running from Jenkins, i am getting below error message.
but my jenkins always throws a NPE without any other message.
The problem was that I was running the job on a Jenkins node that did not have access to the company 's JIRA server.
Once I updated the plan to run the job on a Jenkins node that did have access to the company 's JIRA server (on-prem), the plan was able to contact JIRA and pull down attributes of JIRA issues successfully.
/pre/  Problem, is that /code/ variable value only present on remote computer and Jenkins fails build only, if  /code/ &amp; /code/ executed outside /code/ .
But for your local testing, it will simplify your life (and you can run it under jenkins without having to give it any secrets) .
I come over this when I used following constructor: (no errors locally in EclipseIDE, but jenkins complained with this useless error message not mentioning any code line) .
/pre/  Even so, I still can not get the scripts works on jenkins.
/pre/  I 'm using latest jenkins server on windows, I tried all the solutions available for similar kind of problems but none of them worked out, How can I fix this ?
When configuring Jenkins to work with GitLab and SonarQube, the JVM needs to know the server 's keystore and the certificate authorities (truststore) for which the external sites are signed with to establish an SSL connection.
Because my all case run by jenkins and I have the default url on /code/.
You can actually add taints to the configs in jenkins outright.
So at the end of the run the result is a Pass and because some of the scenarios failed on their first run Jenkins logs this as a fail.
From command line, it works fine, but when I add the batch file to Jenkins job, it gives an error: .
Error while communicating to test-link through Jenkins test-link plugin.
We have a test on a separate Jenkins server, its purpose is to test the subscription process of our app in production.
Since Heroku does not propose to add post-promotion steps and Jenkins cannot guess when a promotion has happened (correct me if I 'm wrong!
/pre/  In the logs I can see Jenkins is taking the master pull request version and not the one I recently committed in Dev branch.
I have enabled the Jenkins logger configuration to catch my logs - but I see no logs less severe than INFO.
article and tried those techniques but this seemed to cause Jenkins to hang, with messages about console restarts.
I am getting the following error in Jenkins.
If you face problems showing the RF results, you can execute the followin script in your Jenkins > manage jenkins > script console:  .
At the moment the jar execution process remains running even if I kill the build from the Jenkins.
I still do have this problem and Jenkins does n't build successfully with any of these commands: .
Jenkins is failed with the below given message, when i tried to use the slave ssh plugin, which is in the same server, should add the key of its own?
Is it possible to skip a Jenkins build step without reporting its status back?
When i execute newman in a jenkins job it fais with this error "connect ECONNREFUSED ip " /url/ .
I see this error in some of the Jenkins jobs .
/pre/  When i ssh into the jenkins container and try to run "docker", i get the same error.
Then it gets Brenda and Burns Sally Jenkins.
Hi I am trying to upload multiple files into artifactory repo using my Jenkinsfile, Please find the snippet and error pasted below: Artifactory Plug in version - 2.16.2 and Jenkins 2.138.2 .
Jenkins might use this information to find the URL to upload the artifact to (your example says nothing about how Jenkins finds Nexus), and sometimes it is useful to upload a SNAPSHOT-version, or some other temporary version not meant for production.
So in the example above (to send params 'param1' with value 'val1' and 'param2' with value 'val2' to the Jenkins job, this worked:) .
In our Jenkins’ case the massive UI slowdown turned out to be a network issue.
I’d moved the server to a temporary location during an office move, where the setting in Jenkins Location/Jenkins URL would fail.
The PROBLEM starts when I try to access the page on a pipeline running on Jenkins.
/pre/  ... even though I can see jenkins at : .
/pre/  What prevents me from seeing the "Hello World" message from my-app running Jenkins?
Or alternately, is it just standard practice to have Jenkins rebuild/redeploy all packages in a monorepo, regardless of what changes were pushed?.
My existing jenkins master-slave connection got broken .
This job does nothing except in the /code/ it triggers my actual Jenkins Pipeline job which loads the Jenkinsfile like you showed.
The Jenkins Build will be triggered every midnight 3am.
Now when i run my build in jenkins, i get the following error  .
I would like Jenkins to send a customised email if 100% of the test cases in the Project fail.
I 'm having issues with archiving on my CI machine (Jenkins), when running the process manually on the SAME machine but with the Xcode UI, everything works just fine.
Is there any way to manipulate the Jenkins HTTP response (in JSON) before it is being sent to an endpoint that I configured in my job?
So, I receive the Jenkins JSON response in my endpoint like this: .
Now I want to add a couple of environment variables from Jenkins, such as  'server' and 'url-path' to this response before I send it from Jenkins.
The problem is that Jenkins causes confusion by reporting that the file is missing under /code/, which is a hard-coded value.
I 've configured my credentials in Jenkins but when I run the job it hangs with the following error.
The issue is that VMware tools sends the IP information back to the jenkins plugin before the systemd service gets loaded and then Jenkins tries to connect to an IP that has been changed.
Now, I want to automatically upload the test result/report of a test suite I run in Jenkins against the Test suite I have in JIRA.
I have setup Jenkins but when I am trying to get Archive I am getting below error .
warning: non-portable path to file /Users/gavishal/.jenkins/workspace/DemoApp/bank42/bank42/PrecompiledHeader.pch"';   specified path differs in case from file name on disk   [-Wnonportable-include-path] .
Slave nodes are used in Jenkins as a best practice to run builds because running it on master is not secure as anyone can access JENKINS_HOME directory and make modifications via jobs.
There is an actual database host name and a password that Jenkins injects.
This uses a non-Docker database with a real hostname, and a password that Jenkins injects.
You are using a rather generic way to access data from an object, which might be exploited somehow, so it got blacklisted or rather not whitelisted in Jenkins Groovy Sandbox.
An error message references a jenkins workspace with the file I 'd like to examine and try to debug.
When I run my code from git repo,using jenkins tool,actual code is not getting executed but only remote repository is getting cloned into my system.
I have 4 jenkins jobs which I am triggering based on success and failure of previous job execution status.
/pre/  When i run it in Jenkins i get error  .
To get data about file is quite tricky in a Jenkins pipeline when using the Groovy sandbox since you 're not allowed to do /code/.
Here is more of the exception I am seeing in the Jenkins console.
However, when i tried to run the jenkins job, it is saying  .
This can make us believe that adding complex logic to the pipeline is a good idea, but this turns jenkins into our IDE and that 's hard to debug and a trap into which I 've fallen several times.
Maybe creating a temporary jenkins slave might be the best idea.
But Jenkins is still holding on to old values.
Should it be done inside jenkins configuration or some where else ?
I am creating a Jenkins pipeline, I want certain stage to be triggered only when a particular log file 's(log file is located in the server node where all the stages are going to run) last modified date is updated after the initiation of pipeline job, I understand we need to use "When" condition but not really sure how to implement it.
Same issue appeared to me with both Jenkins and my local machine.
Had Jenkins running inside Docker with a volume attached to it.
After a few weeks Jenkins told me "npm WARN tar ENOSPC: no space left on device".
After browsing the similar issues I 'm still not able to resolve the connection to bitbucket via the Bitbucket plugn in Jenkins.
Disabled the crsf option of Jenkins (was giving error earlier) .
When trying to acccess an open repository (inputting it in the url field of the git option in Jenkins) I get the aforementioned error: Failed to connect to repository : Failed to create http proxy uri .
Copy keys to   JENKINS_HOME/,ssh) .
It seems to be a problem with the way you connect to jenkins.
However with this method processes are launched on the front and lets you launch safari from jenkins.
The error you pointed "Fetching changes from 2 remote Git repositories" seems to be related to how jenkins manage the PR jobs, and it makes the bitbucketStatusNotify plugin fail.
You can use /url/ in the jenkins job to upload the files.
Start at : Traverse all jobs on your Jenkins Server using : /code/ This will give json response with all jobs with job name and job url.
Have written small bash script to retrieve build status and timestamp for each job on Jenkins server :  .
In Jenkins (Master) I have configured the proxy information (proxy, port, user, password) .
In the jenkins UI administration (https:///log/all) we find lots of the following lines below (with full stack trace at the end).
So why is jenkins still querying this old analysis?
But problem is that /code/ executes endlessly and jenkins even crushes!
We often run "kubectl" commands in our Jenkins builds, either for "rollout" or getting configmap data for diagnostics, or other uses.
You can access the "Snippet Generator" from any Jenkins server by going to the /code/ endpoint.
I ran into the same problem, but did n't have access to change the Jenkins config.
Change the ownership to jenkins user (admin in my case) No error message was thrown.
This is probably a bug in Jenkins."
When user is accessing data that is not available in jenkins then user is getting 404 but it 's also displying Jetty version, how I can remove this jetty version information from response data?
HTTP ERROR 404 Problem accessing /jenkins/user.
/pre/  Jenkins throws a DSL method error: .
Use a mac crone schedule to somehow call the pipeline in my Jenkins local server.
/pre/  As an aside, we do n't run Jenkins as a service, we run it as a user process so we can some DirectX unit testing which ca n't be done in Session 0.  .
I would like to send jmeter load test results in an email generated either by jmeter or jenkins.
Jenkins agents contact the master over http to say hello and then set up the agent to slave connection over TCP.
I need these resources to be accessible for the test cases when they are run on Jenkins.
How do I get functions from the shared lib repository to the other repository which holds the jenkins file inside it.
However I was able to create issues from Test results page in Jenkins(So i think communication is not a problem)manually by clicking "+" next to failed test(Although when I get an exception, Please refer the below picture for more details).
Let Jenkins send out a test mail to test it.
Let Jenkins send out a test mail to test it.
An error occurred during installation: No such plugin: cloudbees-folder (While installing Jenkins suggested plugins getting the error on windows 10) .
When adding a new node in Jenkins, the master caches the environment variables of this node, but does n't update it afterwards, to avoid breaking the configuration.
After SonarQube Scanner was executed by a Jenkins job, the analysis result is not being uploaded to the SonarQube server: .
/pre/  In one of my other Jenkins jobs, the result is actually uploaded to SonarQube with this log which is not found for above case: .
Are you able to see Jenkins is fully up and running in the server logs?
Starting the Spring Boot application (after rebooting Jenkins) fails on not being able to connect to the database with the user name.
There is a shell file executed in Jenkins job, and an allure report server was started in the shell file, just shown below: .
So, how to remain the Allure server process in Jenkins slave?
Hi Please use this command on MAC OS in shell command  newman run Jenkins.postman_collection.json(Json file path) -e Staging.postman_environment.json(Environment variable path-json file) --globals Workspace.postman_globals.json(Global variable path-json file) .
I 've already configured Jenkins server with my Github account but I 'm finding a way to send the backup of apex app and it 's data into the different server and import them using Jenkins pipeline!
In Jenkins i am getting this error during the build and unit tests.
Get the update-center.json from repo Jenkins-update to local and modify the URL from '/url/' to my own URL '/url/' in update-center.json, then put update-center.json into local repo.
I recognize the errors as the same ones that I encountered when I set up automation via Jenkins -- when I was running Jenkins as a service.
So I forced kil the process listning at 8080 and changed the port for jenkins.
I 'm using Jenkins pipeline to automate the process but I 'm getting error while restoring the packages as shown below.
The Jenkins autobuild fails spectacularly because the local-mirror of the GitHub repository has n't yet been updated to reflect the original, so when Jenkins tries to update the submodules in its various workspaces, the local-mirror does n't recognize the revision ID that the closed-source git repositories are pointed at.
Setting Jenkins autobuild to update the local mirror before the build is probably the only safe solution.
When I am running the selenium maven project via eclipse my script is running without any issue but when I am trying to run build via Jenkins getting below compilation error.
I can not change Jenkins file.
Failed to issue method call: Unit jenkins.service failed to load: No such file or directory.
See system logs and  'systemctl status jenkins.service' for details.
Failed to issue method call: No such interface 'org.freedesktop.DBus.Properties' on object at path /org/freedesktop/systemd1/unit/jenkins_2eservice .
I configured a Jenkins Credential: type: sshUserPrivateKey, id: webapp .
/pre/  And, although it works fine when I run the pipeline in Jenkins, I get the following lint validation error: .
With this code i got an error in Jenkins pipeline.
I went to the Windows Services and found Jenkins there as a service.
I always get the following Error when I am trying to redeploy an EAR on a weblogic 12c cluster with Jenkins and maven: .
You should make sure the archive is successful then trigger the Jenkins job again.
Jenkins >  credentials > system > global credentials  its not very obvious how to get here.. so, here are some hacks/ work arounds.
I also came across this and the problem was that Jenkins could n't find the descriptor for the class.
When there is an event, it is able to call the Cloudbees jenkins job, but unable to capture the git event payload i.e pullrequest payload or push payload.
Today i have seen a weird behavior in my Jenkins build compilation log.
source /home/ec2-user/venv/python37/bin/activate this gives error : /tmp/jenkins5176496797782493011.sh: line 4: /home/ec2-user/venv/python37/bin/activate: Permission denied.
rerun your jenkins jobs to see the result files.
If we are using the script console, every time you restart the jenkins server, the changes will be lost.
/pre/  Problem is, that i ca n't use "new File" and ".write" or ".append" because Jenkins cant find the File that way.
Are jenkins parameters (accessed from Groove code as params.VARNAME) case-sensitive?
I need to be able to run Maven release:prepare / release:perform on an artifact from Jenkins without its JUnit tests running.
There is something wrong with the internet connection of update center.I have met the same situation with Jenkins installed on macOS.
I am well aware that its not the best way to work, but what i dont get is why on my local environment i get the error while the jenkins doesnt?
When restarting the service after that change, I am stuck on the  "Please wait while Jenkins is getting ready to work ..." screen.
With my local setup its working perfectly fine, but when trying to run project via jenkins property transfer part fails and because of that whole JWT token generating fails.
Error in Jenkins  .
After some investigation i noticed this in my Jenkins logs: /code/ .
I wanted to connect the cluster with the Jenkins test server, so I generated the SSH key pair and copied the jenkins' public key to the authorized_keys file on the cluster.
/pre/  The streange thing is, that it is working for another jenkins job.
This is a waste of resources so Jenkins added a feature for lightweight CO, but When I am using I get this error: .
I am trying to publish my test results from reports on jenkins.
But i see that jenkins is not displaying the entire stdout.
Keep all feature subprojects in jenkins to save their test results.
I 'm getting "The Jenkins instance appears to be offline" when I hit Jenkins home page.
I am, however, able to telnet to the docker host from the Jenkins container so I know it 's reachable.
However, it does not work if it is run somewhere the errorlevel is checked after the execution of commit (like in Jenkins).
When I execute the configuration Integration in visual studio with some tests in error, then the build failed, everything are ok, but when the same configuration are executed with msbuild, it does n't return any error code then jenkins pipelin does n't fail.
When I run this batch script using cmd, the code is generated just fine but when I try to generate code via Jenkins I am getting error in the Jenkins build output which I think is because of trying to start RhapsodyCL due to 'license not found'.
The error in Jenkins console output looks like: .
Iam running  selenium scripts in jenkins and below is the error which iam getting like missing a package .
/pre/  When i try to install the below error is coming in my jenkins container .
Jenkins runs as Windows service so it does not access .gitconfig from my profile and hence Jenkins job is erroring out.
EDIT  I created a dummy job in Jenkins and configured proxy settings within the "Execute Windows batch command".
/pre/  any ideas of how to resolve this issue, i want the jenkins container to use the docker running in the vm (host machine).
on my jenkins console output I see encoded characters on my php like &amp; or &amp;acirc; I have tried the JAVA_TOOLS_OPTIONS: -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 variable but still not working .
So they gave me a Jenkins buildserver and a Junit test with an empty method just to see if we can run the test.
Even repurposing a CI tool or customizing a Jenkins setup could trigger based on file change events or a message queue.
The Jenkins Build step checks if the error code of the script is /code/.
loaded through the Jenkins UI which will be copied to the job 's workspace."
Fatal error: Error raised at top level:   MongoSocket.MongoSocket.Error.ipAddressResolutionFailed: file   /home/buildnode/jenkins/workspace/oss-swift-4.2-package-linux-ubuntu-16_04/swift/stdlib/public/core/ErrorType.swift,   line 191 .
Bind mounting the docker binary into the jenkins image only works if the jenkins images is "close enough" - it has to contain the required shared libraries!
We have UI tests to be started by Jenkins using Appium, but it results with an error: .
The problem I am facing is I am not able to run a Jenkins job inside that container.
The actual problem is, Jenkins first puts a shell file which will have the command to run the container and inspect it.
I am amused to see this error suddenly appearing in a jenkins deployment jobs which was working more than few months.While I didnt change any tomcat configuration and the setup needed to build and move a war file  .
I would like to move jenkins logs to s3 bucket.
Once you mounted S3 bucket to your instance you need to say Jenkins that you want to store logs in that mount .
I am getting the following error when trying to run my jenkins job.
But in Jenkins maven fails to properly get user 's home directory to reach local repository (~/.m2/ ).
Now this plugin basically creates an XML-report per test class and is scheduled to run once a day and executed on Jenkins.
I have jenkins job which is checking out the code from SVN repository and run the build but I am getting the multiple or different errors before its checking out the complete code.Please help me.
ERROR 1: svn: E155021: The path 'D:\Jenkins\workspace\Project1\branch-1.1' appears to be part of a Subversion 1.7 or greater working copy.
D:\jenkins\workspace\project\branch.svn\wc.db: The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process.
/pre/  The problem here is that Jenkins console shows the error from the puppet script and then finish with Success status.
/pre/  I want the Jenkins job to fail if there is any error in puppet script.
I am trying to load XML with Jenkins machines and their statuses.
Now my problem is to get the XML content from Jenkins URL.
Today I update my Jenkins version from 2.151 to 2.152 (in my ec2 instance) and the first error I get is /code/ .
In Jenkins -> Manage Plugins, I observe this message: .
I 'm facing an issue when trying to implement shared library in my Jenkins servers.
/pre/  I can see, that the file exists on my Jenkins instance.
From jenkins i 'm now able to make an api call to sonar to get the analysis report on the new code only.
/pre/  That will error the jenkins job and it will only check newly added code with the rules setup in sonar.
While trying to run a /code/ on a ppc64le Jenkins slave called by an x86 Jenkins master, the following error occurs.
It was in fact problem with application.properties; apparently -D arguments work at runtime, whilst my Jenkins pipeline provided them only on compilation thus application-staging.properties (which contained correct datasource configuration) could n't be used by Tomcat.
I have a pipeline in Jenkins to build an Angular 6 project, in the Jenkinsfile that runs the command /code/to install the dependencies and then execute /code/, however, npm install is with some problem that I can not identify because the pipeline hangs on it and the time can vary from 5 minutes up to 60 minutes or even longer and this is damaging the automatic build.
/pre/  To automatically run these tests regullary, I created docker - container and when I run build execution on Jenkins, I had a following error: .
Now the issue here is: In Jenkins file, I am using pollScm to trigger my Jenkins job whenever there is a new commit in the repository but I have two repositories that I have configured for the job so   .
So whenever there is a commit in either of these repositories my Jenkins job is getting triggered, which I do n't want!
When I am committing something in shared library repository then also Jenkins jobs are getting triggered and I am using a shared library in multiple jobs so because of that all the jobs are getting triggered which I do n't want.
This is the error that I 'm obtaining: "UnknownHostException: updates.jenkins.io" .
Because of this error, I cant download any plugin, so my Jenkins is totally useless.
I have a Public IP from Jenkins slave which I can get it straight from the ec2 instance or else I can get that IP using curl command.
But I am facing issues in passing that Jenkins slave ip in order to create n deploy services in another server.
I need to attach my extent reports in email which i sent to my clients through jenkins, Mail is sending but i need the report also with email .
I want to read JSON response coming from jenkins API to read last build details.
When I type this URL in browser, I need to sign in to my Jenkins job and after that I get proper json response.
I have written a java code to read JSON response from same Jenkins API.
/pre/  I searched alot on how to get JSON response from jenkins API which reqiures authentication , but did n't find anything useful.
I want to reduce the load on our Jenkins slaves and give developers a quicker feedback when there are checkstyle/findbugs issues.
Its my bad that I did n't see the configuration [username/password] in jenkins' for "Deploy war/ear to container" is muted.
I was reading a line in a tmp.txt which works on Jenkins (master).
Bind you Jenkins job to run on that particular slave.
If you know with which account Jenkins is running, you could, on that Jenkins server, type: .
For example, if path1 = "/some/path/to/jenkins/workspace1" and path2 = "/some/path/to/jenkins/workspace2/some/dir", I should fail the build as a fail safe.
/pre/  In Jenkins, while building the binary, suffenly it starts throwing this error at above line .
still not sure what should be the change in jenkins that has to be made to fix the issue .
You first need to determine if your Jenkins server has access to S3 Bucket (as it 's unclear in your question) .
I am assuming that Jenkins server can access your S3 Bucket (the setup would generally involve the following steps): .
Your Jenkins instance is running on EC2 server and can access S3 either by   Using a pre-configured role attached to EC2 instance .
Error: Error parsing   /build_workspace/workspace/GCM/PIPE_JENKINS/main.tf: At 33:25: nested   object expected: LBRACE got: ASSIGN .
I need to poll the artifactory URL every night  and find out which file got added, and use that name of the new artifact as a parameter to trigger another job in Jenkins.
Basically you can access your network shared drive (Z) using by servername or IP from jenkins command.
However, when the machine goes to sleep and I try to navigate to the jenkins instance I get an error  .
Jenkins has 12 different workspaces which take around 25gb.I think the problem is because in every workspace there is a copy from GIT repository which is 3gb.
I have created a Jenkins job that invalidate the cache each time that my frontend project is deployed.
I had been experiencing this problem while running assembleAndroidTest on Jenkins.
The weirdest part was that this task ran sans any issues on my mac 's terminal without any issues, but failed on Jenkins with- .
However, when the Jenkins build server runs the same command the asdatabase file wraps the text at column 80 which leads to invalid xml and the deployment process fails.
I can curl the jenkins app from the worker or master nodes using the IP defined by the service.
But when executed from Jenkins, it gives connection error .
I encountered a similar issue -- it appeared to go away (at least so far) after upgrading to the latest Jenkins SSH Slaves plugin from 1.29 to 1.29.1. .
As of now, I have enabled Push Events to trigger the Jenkins job.
So, whenever I push code from my local computer to remote repository, the Jenkins job is automatically triggered and the job successfully builds my codebase by checking out the code from GitLab 's master branch.
You can reconfigure your Jenkins container to publish its log files to a host directory (use /code/ to provide some host directory for the /code/ tree; this is probably a good idea regardless since you do n't want to lose all of your job history if you ever need to update the underlying Jenkins code).
That wo n't collect the per-Jenkins-job log files, though.
After the second node has come up, I cannot reach Jenkins and the app anymore via the domain names.
For me nothing worked from suggested above, I use /code/ from jenkins shell script and apparently it takes wrong user name.
I am trying to download jenkins.war file through powershell on windows server, but I get 401 Unauthorized error in downloadFile.
right now i have an haproxy on a server and i have jenkins setted up on another server and kibana setted up on a third server.
I ran into this problem suddenly, and the help provided on jenkins is not solving my issue.
I didnt do plugin update, i just did a reboot, after deleting the ssh key, and the jenkins UI stopped working, it shows no error, except for the  .
However the Jenkins build give the following error  .
I gave Jenkins a Github access token with the correct permissions to my repo but when I try and save the pipeline, Blue Ocean just sits there and nothing happens even though it says it 's saving a new /code/ to my repo.
When i build the jenkins project, it get stuck at executing 2nd command /code/ i see the following console output /url/ .
This is all working fine on my developer machine but when trying to run my tests in Jenkins it 's failing with the following error: .
I do n't have access to Jenkins-CLI or ssh permission to check which process is keeping the .nfs file.
Jenkins slow login with Active directory seens to be almost alway 's related to DNS issue.
/pre/  When I run Jenkins its throwing an error saying "ERROR: No hudson.model.JDK named JDK 8 found" .
When job build finishes, the Jenkins will trigger the email with the attachment on the Linux server.
I resolved my problem after changing the jenkins config.xml "useSecurity" fileld.
/pre/  As this is an independent test framework which is neither pytest not nosetests, is there any way i can convert this txt to xml(xunit or allure type) and see results in allure report or any other type of report in Jenkins ?
It seems the Jenkins HTTP proxy is not working, i.e.
/pre/  But when using same script in jenkins powershell plugin, i always get error 404 Not found.
Gitlab work OK, has external access, while Jenkins does n't.
/pre/  shows that Jenkins is up and running, also curl get 's login page, but I ca n't access it from my browser from external machine.
All tests work fine, when are executed on local environments, but when are moved to Jenkins, they are failing randomly.
This is due to the fact, that system clock on Jenkins sometimes is moved backwards by unknown force.
We are 99% sure it 's related to something on Jenkins, but we have no idea what could be different there.
/pre/  This is happening both in Jenkins as well as when I execute it in my system from cmd.
I seem to have found a bug with trying to pass environment variables from one Jenkins job to another.
I have checked in the 'Jenkins Issues' log for /url/ and I ca n't find anything similar to my issue.
The problem was, that the Jenkins-user was not able to access the ssl certificates, that I set in the GitConfig .
when i run the build in jenkins i got below error when i am trying to run in local its building fine.
This problem is in no way specific to Jenkins - it would affect any software - including your production code, if it has the same kind of errors.
The log files which do not apply to a specific test I add to the Jenkins build result.
I ran a job on Jenkins and got this error: .
After creating a https port on /code/ and added a /code/ file in the /code/ file, I 'm receiving this error when I try to reach the jenkins via https (from the browser):  .
Im trying to run fastlane scan on Jenkins, the tests execute well, pass, but on the last part it seems to fail because it ca n't access or start the simulator : .
basically it is starting the jenkins slave in  background and it works fine, now when i try to do the same thing in Chef, the chef-client process hangs and gets timed out because process never goes in background and session remains active.
I have a jenkins job, that gets't delayed before executing postbuild action.
So can I tell jenkins to read the /code/ file from somewhere else ?
By default, Jenkins stores all of its data in this directory on the file system.
This value cannot be changed while Jenkins is running.
can I somehow configure Jenkins job to send me a unstable build notification ONLY if the last 3 consecutive builds have unstable?
Now my question is, how do i send this choice parameter from jenkins to my class file which gives me test data.
This process is performed on Jenkins.
I was using EC2 instance without elastic IP, whenever I turn on the system it will come up with a new Public IP, so please check the IP address of the server that you have mentioned in Jenkins (/url/).
Now i have been running a jenkins job to check and send notification if the job fails.
Because of this, Maven uses Remoting and other Jenkins core classes,   and this behavior may break an update.
Then, on every commit push, Jenkins will be notified.
I installed jenkins and jdk still I cannot access the /code/ getting an http error 405.  .
Open properties for jenkins_slave process .
(If I omit /code/ then I get an expected error about the need to authenticate to the Jenkins instance, but that does n't seem relevant to you error.)
I am wondering whether you have some other piece of equipment between your cli and your Jenkins server that cuts the connection if HTTPS cert verification fails.
Next block of code used in Jenkins pipeline (it actual for shared libraries too) In my case I get all process ID 's, according to my application name from remote host.
When connecting Jenkins master and slave/agent via JNLP, the agent is the one who will establish communication with the master.
After a clean installation it gets stuck at "Please wait while Jenkins is getting ready to work...".
I have installed Jenkins on other machines successfully and this is the first time I got stuck at this screen.
After a refresh on localhost:8080 I found myself at the same "Please wait while Jenkins etc etc" and decided to go back to 2.138.
I shutdown Jenkins, changed the config.xml file, turn on Jenkins and the file gets changed back to its default content (the content that was before I changed anything) and Jenkins is still stuck at that "please wait while Jenkins is getting ready to work".
I 've found in jenkins.err.log a line that says "Failed to fully read %path%/master.key"; I 've searched the internet and could n't find helpful information on it and I 'm not sure if this is the reason Jenkins is not starting.
Problem is after running 4 test case, suddenly the browser stpped working and I got the following message in jenkins.
As I understand credentials for upload should be available to jenkins slave only.
When I run commands inside my container, it seems like Jenkins is either not executing it inside the container, or its actually mounting my whole repository/work folder into it.
Meaning I 'm either not inside my expected image that I built, or Jenkins is mounting the work folder into the container.
The first thing Jenkins does is /code/ before running msbuild (failing because packages are missing).
/pre/  When i do this without jenkins all work fine.
I 've still not been able to get libraryResource to work i 'm assuming that i 'm missing something in how jenkins, the jobs, shared resources are setup but i ca n't find it.
When i run multibranch pipeline code in jenkins i get the below error for the following /url/: .
/pre/  Of course, by the time I 've logged into our Jenkins server, nothing is holding the lock (the lock file is still present) and if I rerun the Jenkins build, it will pass.
If these files do not exist then sh jenkins step returns error code 2.
This is caused by Jenkins In-process Script Approval as a protection of possible execution of malicious scripts.
/pre/  But the syntax does n't work and the Jenkins job fails with error  .
Error polling for event status: failed to query event: CUDA_ERROR_LAUNCH_TIMEOUT F c:\tf_jenkins\home\workspace\release-win\device\gpu\os\windows\tensorflow\core\common_runtime\gpu\gpu_event_mgr.cc:198] Unexpected Event status: 1 .
Turned out, someone had added another solution to the source code repository, and configured Jenkins to call nuget restore on that, so I was effectively calling restore on different solutions: .
/pre/  I have even gone as far as creating a service-principle &amp; hooked it into the jenkins script via ENV vars and execute it before docker login:  .
I created a dummy job in Jenkins and configured proxy settings within the "Execute Windows batch command".
Jenkins always shows BUILD FAILURE, but downloads all necessary dependencies.
hello I need to execute this commande properly, remotly from jenkins .
It is because Jenkins never clean local Git repo which carry a lot of stale remote branch info.
Then you can write a cron job , or a Jenkins job , or a custom kubernetes cluster service/controller  that checks/probes that health check regularly and if the health check fails then you can run a container based on that.
it seems like a permission issue from Jenkins instance.
/pre/  As it is running local I guess that it is something with the maven settings that are in "C:/users/USER/.m2/settings.xml" is there something that could cause that error - that could be moved to the project pom to make it possible building on Jenkins with success?
our Jenkins build failed with this error Unable to access "/url/", error:14077410:SSL routines:SSL23_GET_SERVER_HELLO:sslv3 alert handshake failure .
I found the same issue inside docker pod using jenkins.
But now I have deployed a Jenkins pod, after that, I am able to access the Jenkins in the browser.
Now my question is how can I connect Jenkins with my machine.
In case somebody wants to connect to a local git repository from a Jenkins which runs in a docker container I would recommend to mount the local git repository folder to the docker image via the Volumes flag (see /url/ for more details).
but after npm install the jenkins is not running the ng build command and moving to next step and the build is completed with out any errors.
But while using in jenkins free-style job , during fetch it is failing with host key verificiation error.
But in the jenkins log the following error is shown: .
Jenkins master - Linux Jenkins Slave - Windows Jenkins triggers a selenium script that runs on Windows slave and perform required test.
File is getting stored on Jenkins workspace on master node(Linux).
Step 2 - On slave (Windows), script is opening application and browser upload window to upload the file which is stored in Jenkins workspace.
Step 4 - Now, when trying to get the file which is on jenkins master, file path is coming as linux path which is not working on browser upload window.
Opened jenkins on Windows node and triggered the scipt from there.
Q1 - Is there any way, we can access slave 's folder/file memory to save/get file at run time though script is triggered through Jenkins master?
Q2 - Is there any control mechanism, that file can be stored outside jenkins workspace?
You might need to restart Jenkins .
/pre/    But still the xxx.yyy.zzz Is generated in the coverage report in Jenkins!
I tried deleting and reinstalling my docker container with Jenkins and Sonarqube, but I still receive the same error.
After all the test cases gets executed I want to refer the testng-failed.xml file and re run only those cases which failed from Jenkins.
Based on the conversation, We have found out the culprit was the Time Difference of the 2 servers(Jenkins and SVN) approx 7-8 mins was the issue.
All of my test cases is input twice, this problem is showed in my split test folder which is created by Jenkins.
/pre/  The Jenkins server does n't have internet connection.
any way to get an emailable HTML allure reports which I can send after my Jenkins execution.
I 'd like to use this file with my jenkins slave but I ca n't figure out how... On this /url/ kamal951 copies the file with a groovy script but it needs approvals that seems to introduce vulnerabilities Did anyone solve this problem by any other means ?
When I do run a but I always get the following error of "(pending—Jenkins doesn’t have label ecs-slaves)".
How can I check from jenkins job level whether Pull Request is created on Bitbucket?
We can see it at the Jenkins console output.
If anyone is having issues with space and you have to relocate your jenkins, just wanted to reiterate that:: .
/pre/  ============================================================================= The problem is: - I start appium with selenium grid docker - I start jenkins docker - I open browser and login in to jenkins server to create a job to test my appium script.
/pre/  but still when we go to Jenkins they are defaulted to /code/ and /code/ which causes issues because the build container supposed to run indenfinetly and not to exit immediately and the default command overrides the command defined in /code/ of the docker image.
I have a setup, where jenkins run the code and take a screenshot as a final step , now in the screenshot i want to have the latest results of cucumber reports which are generated in Jenkins , but the problem is , until the Jenkins Job is finished , i wont be able to get the latest results of Jenkins.
I cooked up a stubbed Jenkins pipeline just to gather data surrounding some manual tests we 're running on site.
When I run these specs with "rspec" on my local it works fine with zero failures, also I ran specs on the CLI of jenkins agent the specs ran with zero failures.
But when the same specs run in jenkins CI, some cases fail.
I 'm getting below console error in jenkins .
Related issue in the Jenkins issue tracker: /url/ .
Here are the steps I had to go through to get this working locally, but also on jenkins where the name of my repository directory can be different each time.
You can fail your pipeline if test are failed (using 'error' jenkins step).
I have a selenium automation script for my project that runs daily on a Windows server machine on chrome browser (in full screen mode) and it gets triggered via Jenkins job.
I am completely clueless on how Jenkins operates and have inherited Jenkins from someone else, so I 'm having a really tough time trying to figure out the problem.
When I try to use the very same private key with Jenkins I get an error message.
Does anybody know what is the expected format of Private Key in Jenkins Credentials?
I get an unable to connect to Jenkins message.
How can I copy the path of this json file and set it in Jenkins as  Global parameter?
Previously all the jobs were showing up, but after upgrading Jenkins, I am facing this issue.
I thought I might trigger a script on the Jenkins-Machine which can restart the tomcat service on the other machine, but how do I achieve that?
When I try to call it from Jenkins using the Unity3d plugin, I get a strange compilation error which seems to be related to a missing UNITY_ANDROID directive.
If I use the following Jenkins pipeline under /code/ ,or /code/ I get an exception generated.
But Jenkins console does not show the logs for test execution.
I changed only /code/ location from Configure System -> Jenkins Location -> Jenkins /code/ to /url/ .
Due to restarting of Jenkins my Black Duck detect version got upgraded to the  latest version 1.5.0 due to which Jenkins is throwing errors.
Due to some obvious reasons, I cannot restart or upgrade my Jenkins again and again.
If you actively know you want to restart your pods every month anyways, and you have a good CI/CD pipeline set up, consider setting up a scheduled job in your Jenkins or whatever that rebuilds and redeploys everything, even if there are no changes in the underlying source tree.
From your info and log, I see that you 've configured master Jenkins on your Windows computer, but trying to run the job remotely on Ubuntu agent: .
I am getting this below exception in my selenium code when I run in it my jenkins which is running through docker.
When I ran my code in Jenkins it gives the below exception.
In my case, the cause was wrong Jenkins URL setting.
The analysis job was run in Jenkins and the coverage was displayed in the dashboard.
I am getting the following error in Jenkins console while executing this job: .
UPDATE: It 's worth mentioning that problems in Jenkins are discussed in depth in this other /url/.
I changes Jenkins to Pipeline script from SCM and it is finding the Jenkinsfile but falling over with the error message below.
I 'm using "Jenkins-server-url/crumbIssuer/api/xml" to get the crumb, and adding it with the correct header field "Jenkins-Crumb".
I went through this /url/ for Jenkins and can connect and print static stuff on the page I provide.
I have googled around and played with Jenkins to get these results, to no avail.
I am having a problem with my Jenkins pipeline which was working very well some few days ago but suddenly, I am not able to clone from GitLab as I did before.
When I am executing the job on Jenkins sometimes I am getting the error: .
I 'm looking into the ability of restarting a jenkins pipeline from a failed stage in the middle of it (for example).
Below is the complete error log I am getting in jenkins.
/pre/  There is nothing strange about jenkins unable to execute docker commands without proper permission when they are installed and configured separately on the machine.
after that, i restarted my jenkins server,and it seemed to start working fine from localhost:8080 .
Now try accessing the Jenkins, problem re-solved .
So now if I push sth to my Bitbucket repo, jenkins receives the payload and checks if a job matches.
The Selenium Grid Hub I am running displays this error message whenever a Robot Framework automation test (kicked off by a Jenkins job) requests a Chrome browser from the Hub: .
A third server runs Jenkins.
Now when I am running a container with Jenkins image using below mentioned command its showing "INFO: Jenkins is fully up and running".
Currently I 'm running Jenkins on my macbook pro but it seems that Jenkins Junit report post actions plugin is unable to locate my .xml reports, once my WebdriverIo framework has executed my test scripts.
The report xml file is being generated, including triggering of the tests, it seems that Jenkins is unable to locate my JUnit reports folder?
I set up Jenkins to send me email with information from console output (log).
/pre/  I have set up Jenkins to send email just with this line from log: .
After updating Jenkins, it 's plugins and Git on the master, the next morning we update the service account creds and that did n't work.
/pre/  The very first time I run my job it pulls the jekyll docker image and runs fine (although it does fetch a bunch of gems before running jekyll which does n't happen when I run the docker manually outside jenkins) but then the next jobs fail giving this error: .
The problem is that when I run job which starts suite execution on jenkins most of the tests are skipped.
am facing the same issue of how to connect the slaves automatically to the Jenkins Master with different Secrets .
Essentially you get "micro Jenkins agents" which only exists temporary.
So my question is, it this error due to a missing docker inside docker container (Jenkins)?
W/url/ork in side Jenkins File in pipline  .
/pre/  So, when you start or stop the container, this folder in the host server will be intact /my_server/jenkins_home and will be used for your container.
I need to get the changed files in json format or any file format, when the Jenkins build is done .
I 'm building my project with jenkins.The last step I used python to start a tomcat server.But jenkins output log of tomcat on it 's console constantly ,and this build will never succeed.
I ca n't seem to suppress a sensitive command from both the console logs and the jenkins stage  Let 's assume my jenkinsfile is something like this: .
I have successfully been using Jenkins notifications for several weeks now in a container built from the jenkins/jenkins image, but after upgrading Jenkins I can no longer send emails.
Is there anything that could cause Jenkins to not be reading the configurations?
Moreover, there is no %JENKINS_HOME% and I cannot find even a single file/directory named Jenkins in the file system.
Only problem left is: How can I let the Jenkins task know that the Tomcat is finished restarting?
The node name that I use in Jenkins is always retrieved from /code/ (when needed), so that should not break any pipeline.
Not sure thought, as I may be missing something (internal to Jenkins).
I 'm running BDD tests kicked off via Jenkins, all spin up a remote webdriver session.
/pre/  My jenkins installation was successful but when i go to browser and tried /url/ am not able to get the jenkins page .
I 've tried looking at the jenkins api data structure no luck.
I installed a Jenkins Server  via ssh before and it is running on :8080 without problems.
Essentially you get "micro Jenkins agents" which only exists temporary.
It works pretty well but without Jenkins you wo n't be able to run any test before actual deploying.
On compiling Jenkins CI build the module lint got failed and throws below exception, .
I have a very weird problem in our Jenkins setup with GIT after moving to deploy keys.
When the task runs Jenkins is able to fetch the repository and then the maven build is carried out which completes without any issues.
Jenkins exposes many details through remote access API and one can see a job metadata in JSON/XML format by appending json or xml to above url.
Jenkins restarted and no user was able to log in after this!
/pre/  Do n't forget to reconnect the jenkins slave node or restart the jenkins server, depend on your case.
I have used jenkins with selenium before, but sourcetree is entirely new for me, I have all my codecept js test files committed in sourcetree.
/pre/  When I am executing this on Windows cmd it works fine but when I am trying it to execute through Jenkins it wo n't work.How can I run this file using Jenkins?
Tried to run ruby -v in jenkins it gives me following error .
I have jobs in Jenkins that i cannot access unless i log in first using a my username and password.
So what is the correct way to log into Jenkins from c#, and get the HTML source code of the jobs that only appears after logging in?
Once setup, however, the connection gets resets and I cannot reach Jenkins anymore.
This the error log from Jenkins:  .
But this is also bad if my Jenkins build is code change triggered, is it?
An example of where I 've found it useful was that I was doing a quick PoC of a Jenkins Pipeline hosted on Azure Kubernetes Service and earlier in my Kubernetes studies I did n't know how to setup an Ingress, but I could reach the Server via port 80 unencrypted, but I knew my traffic could be snooped on.
/pre/  I suppose that ansible is run under user jenkins because this /url/, and because of the log file: .
The whole log jenkins file: .
/pre/  It asked me for my password two times(and same password specified in Jenkins job settings for Xcode), and finished without any errors.
/pre/  How can I tell Jenkins the current status?
I am able to run the test cases in local but in Jenkins its throwing an error.
Actually i am integrating my TestNG and rest-assured tests with jenkins every thing  is integrated well by when i take build it gets failed below is the issue i got in console out put: .
/pre/  and I want to capture the output of the whole /code/ block to a log file instead of writing to the Jenkins log, is there any way to do that?
The problem I 'm having is that when pushing to a branch with a very long name the associated build fails because the path that Jenkins is trying to checkout the branch to is too long.
It seems the checkout that is causing the failure is the "default" checkout that Jenkins performs, and not the checkout that is performed by the Jenkinsfile for which appropriate paths have been calculated.
/pre/  The output(only relevant part shown below) on the Jenkins job console: .
Error occured probably due to Jenkins discarding the oldest build thus making the  /code/ error.
To fix the above issue, we need to know that Jenkins will trigger the email notification only if the build fails or changes from failure to success.
Try and make sure that Jenkins is up to date and restart while checking logs.
Jenkins issues /url/ and /url/ detail potential fixes that could be introduced, though they have n't been implemented in any version of the system yet.
/pre/  This jenkins stage /code/ works as expected but /code/ erorrs with /code/: .
Any ideas how to get the Jenkins /code/ stage working?
NOTE: For this to work properly you will need a service account of the name you use for your service account name, and credentials stored in jenkins credentials store.
On the slave node everything is fine but I 've run into minor issues when Jenkins is running jobs on the main node that include docker agents.
Main on computer A: a container running jenkins.
/pre/  What happens when I modify the contract on two of the endpoints I only get a warning and not an error and it wont cause Jenkins to report that the build failed.
Is there anyway I can configure this to ensure that the Jenkins build will fail if there are contract differences?
I 've try to set it on the global properties of the jenkins system configuration, but I 've get the same output/error (and do n't want to set it here as there can be other java_home for other java installation) What am I missing ?
EDIT Opened an issue to Jenkins (/url/) .
Jenkins assume that jobs can be interrupted, paused and resumable and to achieve that it requires to all pipeline data to be serializable.
However, I ca n't seem to get the Jenkins container to talk to the VMnetwork (It is a network private to my Mac, but I also tried bridging it).
Still I am getting same error when running using Jenkins Pipeline, my Mac machine is connected to jenkins using ssh.
The tests reports are correctly generated, I archive them into Jenkins and they are present.
If you do n't have access to Jenkins log and still think is a login problem, try with an username and an API Token.
The very first build of an instantiated branch will probably fail due to the params not yet being known to Jenkins (Params are Post-processed, so require a build to even know they exist to be populated) .
It felt like a hack, it mostly worked, but ran into issues when we locked down access to the Jenkins server &amp; my build nodes could no longer perform annon http gets on the page .
My presumption is that the Jenkins server was not caching the file, so each request involved a re-reading of the entire file up until the point of the last read.
/pre/  My build is running in a new PowerShell window which is opened as administrator with the above commands, but I am not able to get the logs in Jenkins console output.
I guess that the problem is occurring because /code/ is being added to the /code/ by the 'jenkins' user 's personal initialization file (/code/).
Release pipeline is set up to trigger Jenkins build to run automated tests.
Inside Jenkins, only unit tests are being called, and if any of them fail, the build will fail as well.
Is it possible to run these tests on Jenkins without failing the build?
The same script throws below error while running it through Jenkins on windows systems.
While trying to access EA through COM API it throws this error only in Jenkins .
For that I need the appRole secret id for Jenkins in my pipeline file.
The secret is configured in Jenkins as 'Vault App Role Credential' and I do n't know how to access it.
My workaround at the moment is to duplicate the credentials and store the roleId and secretId additionally in a username+password credential in Jenkins.
   I wonder how it comes that the same operation can be successful when using a console and fail when using Jenkins.
Because Jenkins might not run with the same user (or on the same workstation, if the agent executing the job is a separate machine) .
Is there a bug in Jenkins or did I just configure it wrong?
but when i execute my tests over Jenkins my jobs get failed.
I would like to trigger a job in the remote Jenkins host and wait for it.
And then configure your jenkins pipline to fail if quality is not satisfying .
I am facing an issue where the slf4j backed by log4j2 statements are n't visible in the console output of a Jenkins pipeline job.
Finally I added jenkins to root group and it resolved my issue (ubuntu 18.04) (VM on Azure) .
It might due to the user under which Jenkins service is runnning.
But when i restart server or restart docker image, the next time I start jenkins everything is removed, so I have to setup everything from zero.
After 5 minutes Jenkins starts another run, with message: Revision: x+1 Changes just for test Jenkins deploy (detail) by UserName  .
Problem is that most of the times Jenkins will not show any changes in Jenkins: .
Anyone know why Jenkins is not showing the changes ?
/pre/  The above method is triggered via a Jenkins pipeline, the partial console output: .
I am guessing this ID (system id which runs jenkins) has a ssh key setup in gitlab and connects without password.
Each step builds its own XML result, which is then published to the Jenkins build page using warnings-ng-plugin recordIssues function within a post/success stage.
/pre/  Currently when I try to run my Jenkins Multibranch Pipeline I get the same error I previously got in Android Studio.
If that 's the case, what about checking commit messages on a Jenkins build to fail the build if it contains a certain message that does not match the regex?
Everything works well I am using Jenkins as CI and when I committed code Jenkins manages docker-compose file to running app.
The Jenkins installation runs a OWASP Zap scan and stores the XML files locally, then using the Jenkins HTTP Request plugin, I am trying to send off a json post containing the file path and the other necessary values, including Authorization headers etc.. .
Jenkins SCM pipeline does n't have any execution provision similar to /code/ that will be called if /code/ load is failed, And I do n't think there will be any in future.
/pre/  I 'm running Jenkins, and although I am able to build the image successfully, "Run tests" is run outside of the new container in the host.
INFO 2: At first I thought this was an Jenkins-within-Docker issue, and I wrote my question as such... but it turned out I was getting the same issue if I ran Jenkins on my host rather than within a container.
I guess it uses the job jenkins' gitlab connection but i must ensure it.
Jenkins must have the same computer name as the one on the network.
When Jenkins performs /code/ on the project, ec2 just hangs, stops responding and only reboot brings it to life.
/pre/  I 've configured ssh access keys in BitBucket, added them to the SSH cache for the windows user that Jenkins apache tomcat runs under.
/pre/  Above the logs for the code where we used these git init and git fetch --all commands from Jenkins execute shell.We tried using ssh in place of https that also no success.
I 'm trying to build my Node.js application using Jenkins, but I 'm getting this error: .
here is image from artifactory of Zip generated and error I receive from jenkins: .
I am going to assume you have some security in place in your Jenkins instance which means requests need to be authenticated.
I end up in same issue after the person who setup Jenkins left our company.
What I configured so far is when i commit changes to source code i can trigger build  jenkins script file: .
/url/ to run remotely from your Jenkins server ( you can put restrictions to not allow any other IPs outside the network , also if you dont provide any external or load balancer ips/ingress to kubernetes , pod services will be not exposed outside ).
Editing of the jenkins.xml gives no result, a workaround is editing the CSP through jenkins console.
The Jenkins-X expose controller can also work with wildcard DNS.
So these tests have to work successfully on Jenkins.
However, I get an error over Jenkins when i run the test via Jenkins and the error is .
That means, Jenkins can reach the repository.
Here the issue is need to pass through kerberos authentication to be able to run the impala queries in Jenkins.
I already tested it by physically running it on the agent machine, so now I want to run it under Jenkins manually - through the Script Console.
/pre/  But In Jenkins console I get the error: .
I suspect this happens when somebody builds the product with Jenkins job which operates in non-master workspace, as my local development machine has never had such problem.
However, on Jenkins slave machine we would like to provide that assembly/DLL permanently.
What happened: Jenkins pod gets Init:CrashLoopBackOff.
/pre/  Error from server (BadRequest): container "jenkins" in pod "jenkins-7bdb5b97b9-2h8bp" is waiting to start: PodInitializing .
/pre/  Error from server (BadRequest): previous terminated container "jenkins" in pod "jenkins-7bdb5b97b9-2h8bp" not found .
Here is my exception in jenkins: .
A closed issue in Jenkins Jira says that now the input message /url/.
It was marked as resolved in 2017-07-21, maybe you should upgrade your Jenkins to get it.
BUT I ca n't use this Dockerfile in my Jenkins pipeline because the Jenkins Server engine is less than 17.05 version and it 's not going to be updated (maybe later but not now).
I faced the same issue and it was because on that port something else is running and jenkins is giving Error as "No Valid crumb is included in that request" thus changed the port in server.xml and things worked.
when I execute behat command on execute shell on jenkins, it gives me following error.
Hi I was trying to send email alert whenever there is a build failed for Jenkins .
(I ca n't use a post-commit hook because my Jenkins instance is not reachable from my repository.)
Jenkins shows me that the build was successful or failed.
I am getting the below error when i am trying to trigger scripted pipeline through jenkins.
I 'm running a Jenkins Pipeline where a build is triggered when a merge request is submitted.
Please tell me -   How can I fetch the values of total, failed, passed scenarios from cucumber report in Jenkins?
/pre/  When I attempt the build I am seeing the following error in the Jenkins build output: .
Unfortunately I have lost a lot of time debugging why something only works/does not work on in CI 's (not Jenkins), so I am very attracted to replicability/re-usability between CI and development environment.
All this jenkins jobs which were made for creating containers, were working ok. Now suddenly some jobs stopped working with following error.
Only thing that was donde on jenkins server, was a reboot some days ago due some plug -in actualization.
I repeat, resolv.conf in container is the same as the host (jenkins), I also tried docker run -dns 8.8.8.8 which configured google DNS in container, but also got same problem.
/pre/  Error in Jenkins console: .
/pre/  It results in the following representation in Jenkins' UI: /url/ .
The problem is that Jenkins is defining the /code/ with only the branch that is discovered.
Caused by: ERROR XSDB6: Another instance of Derby may have already booted the database /home/jenkins/workspace/Query/apache-spark/sql/hive-thriftserver-cat-server/metastore_db.
Or is there some different approcah for proper ssh key permission for Jenkins running under container!
However, if a developer connected their workstation/laptop to androidTest to run some tests and forgets to disconnect (the second is highly likely), then Jenkins only gets this results from "adb devices" after step 2: .
All slaves are in my local network which can connect to Jenkins Master and execute jobs as per Master 's command.
But, when I run it up on Jenkins, it does n't seem to be outputting anything in the console log.
   Jenkins runs as a windows service and logs on as a "Local servvice account" .
Stop 'Jenkins' Service which is running in the background by stopping it from 'Component Services' option.
It sounds like Jenkins tests would be your best bet - check the commit message for the desired regex, and fail the test if the regex is n't there.
[INFO] Compiling 1 source file to /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/UITests/target/test-classes       [INFO]        [INFO] --- maven-surefire-plugin:3.0.0-M3:test (default-test) @ UI-test ---       [INFO]        [INFO] -------------------------------------------------------       [INFO]  T E S T S       [INFO] -------------------------------------------------------       [INFO] Running TestSuite       Starting ChromeDriver 2.45.615279 (12b89733300bd268cff3b78fc76cb8f3a7cc44e5) on port 12453       Only local connections are allowed.
[ERROR]        [ERROR] Please refer to /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/UITests/target/surefire-reports for the   individual test results.
just check its run correctly in your jenkins by capture images before and while during running.
I need to loop over Jenkins builds folders, find folders where .zip report archives are stored and delete video files from those archives (setting the count of builds to keep is not enough in my case).
I can see in jenkins that it recognized the change and did not use the cache for that stage:  .
I tried removing all containers and images both in the jenkins server and in the destination server.
/pre/  After checking in jenkins, the right image is there, but still when I push it says that all layers already exist even though Step 16, 17 were changed.
I had a similar problem running unlock-keychain from jenkins after upgrading to Mojave.
However, a socket timeout occurs after the Jenkins reset password is displayed on the reset screen.
Initially the failure output was different, but then we tried updating Jenkins as well as all plugins, as this was due anyway, and the error changed.
/pre/  The initial error was this (when using Jenkins 2.140): .
Provide Jenkins B webhook url in url field and save.
When you are ready to deploy, just push the code to your scm, jenkins will be notified and will execute the previous created job.
When I specify the repository URL in jenkins, it returns the following error message: .
when i try to execute it through jenkins all the test cases are getting failed as its unable to open the browser, the same is getting passed when we logon to the remote windows server and execute the script manually.
This is the error log, its my Jenkins console  output : .
but when i run through Jenkins only its a problem     .
stderr: fatal: cannot exec '/var/lib/jenkins/workspace/foo_test@tmp/ssh1377177620135545595.sh': Permission denied   fatal: unable to fork .
Running this as jenkins user from command line shows no problem.
/pre/  You may not bind any field in the webhook payload to a Jenkins job parameter automatically.
However, there is still a way to access webhook payload information in the Jenkins job.
And whether or not your Jenkins job is parameterised,  the /url/ makes this webhook payload information available in the /url/ env.
That fixed the issues I was facing, and finally I was able to do my testing via Jenkins without any issues.
While polling a status in my Jenkins pipeline, the used commands (/code/, /code/, /code/) produce a lot of log entries.
The issue was not affecting all Jenkins users.
Having just wasted a few hours debugging why I was seeing this: if you re-install Jenkins you need to clear your cookies or you 'll hit this.
Log in to your Windows host as the user which runs Jenkins Service.
This message of "Jenkins does n't have label XXXX" is rather misleading and unhelpful.
You think the problem is something you did wrong in your configuration and when you find out what happen it is nothing to do with jenkins or how you set up the docker plugin.
1) Go to the logs of your jenkins (centos logs are /var/log/jenkins.log) .
I 'm having a strange issue where a dependency is being downloaded when /code/ is run in our Jenkins pipeline, but then maven all of a sudden ca n't find it when we execute tests with /code/.
You may use bamboo / jenkins / some other CI server to build your code on a remote agent (possibly your target machine) whenever code is pushed / merged.
How can I pass /code/ for the downstream job when called inside a /code/ in the jenkins pipeline?
Try to check if you running the test on your local and Jenkins machine with same screen resolution.
The described phenomen is caused by the reload jenkins configuration from disk option.
I was thinking about using Jenkins to solve this problem, but I 'm not sure how to do it.
I have managed to send an artifact from the jenkins server to the remote server.
My problem is when i check the console log of the jenkins branch which is being built i see the logs for the jar running on the remote server.
If I manually execute this script, I am able to connect to the Jenkins master, so I do not believe the issue to be with this script, but rather getting the service to run on startup or manually when I tell it to.
!Note: I get the same Jenkins input errors (red notifications), but as far as I know, I have been always getting them.
They get the test results from the jenkins archive and import them into the plugins.
I have observed this error during multibrnach pipeline configuration in jenkins .
/pre/  We have several test stages inside the /code/ block and so we run into /url/ error that the Jenkins guys apparently are n't planning to fix.
I have jenkins job to import ssl certificate;  I am using file parameter to upload the certificate key file; .
This is n't a Terraform or a Jenkins issue but rather a Git authentication issue.
/pre/  And if you 're worried about security, you could always put a firewall in front of the Gitlab server and restrict access to only your Jenkins server(s).
I am finding that the (maybe just a) underlying issue is how Jenkins tells Docker to mount a volume to the container.
/pre/  I wonder how it comes that the same operation can be successful when using a console and fail when using Jenkins.
I 'm not using a webhook from Bitbucket even I tried to do it, because my jenkins server is running on a host which is not allowed to have  external connections and when bitbucket is sending the signal to my jenkins server it just times out.
Jenkins to initiate test runs and manage remote machines .
I have configured, Docker as Cloud in Jenkins->Configuration, but 'Docker Host URI' as tcp://192.168.99.100:2376 is not being connected, and keep running infinitely.
With Git for Windows, I had to add /code/ to the /code/ environment variable of the slave node in Jenkins (to get access to /code/), then add /code/ to the /code/ locally on the Windows slave too (to get access to /code/).
/pre/  when attempting to run my json file though Jenkins.
I have have deployed jenkins on tomcat on my windows 10 pc for the first time, It generated an initial password for me.
When I launched jenkins through localHost:8080, it requested the admin password and when i entered it, I get this message: ERROR: The password entered is incorrect, please check the file for the correct password.
Whether we can download the file in our local machine or in JENKINS server (i.e.
I got this error when trying to run my UI Tests through jenkins.
I´ve created a fresh jenkins server in azure, everything works fine so far, but the build cannot find the ANDROID_HOME enviroment variable even if it is set.
we are using findBug in our Jenkins CI system, anyone can help if findBugs can detect such issue or not?
I pushed my changes to our build server (Jenkins), and this is the output from Jenkins: .
Jenkins did not complain and was still able to auto-complete the "Repo" part.
/pre/  If I access [jenkins-dockerhostip]:4444/grid/console, then I can see hub and node are connected.
This is especially useful when having an apache proxy in front (see issue /url/) and no direct access to the jenkins otherwise (e.g.
During building on Jenkins - the file is getting ovewritten by the generated one anyway so it seems that this makes no harm to project.
I 'm trying to deploy a bitbucket branch in Jenkins, but I keep getting a failure with the following message in Stage logs:  .
Also I cannot move the sdk to the disk where I have installed jenkins because of a disk space issue.
Im also running Jenkins via a .war file.
UFT is spawned from the Jenkins Agent and it inherits its' in, out and err streams.
Dump your content to a file, make Jenkins pick it up or email it to somebody.
Do I have a chance to disable unwanted updates in jenkins such as plugins, so the pipeline should not break while in pipeline.
The user input is sent to jenkins server for proceeding with the further action.
Jenkins will again send a notification to the slack channel about the status of the infrastructure after the applying changes on it.
Create a webhook in your bitbucket repo settings to invoke a http call to your jenkins call back url for triggering continuous integration job.
Check Jenkins log for more details about the job.
The collections are executing properly in postman, but we are getting 403 forbidden when we execute them in Jenkins.
Jenkins, agent, the IPs mentioned in GET, PUT commands are in our bank 's internal network.
I am getting the error below while executing my Jenkins pipeline.
[ERROR] urls[8] =   file:/var/lib/jenkins/.m2/repository/commons-lang/commons-lang/2.6/commons-lang-2.6.jar .
After updating Katalon Studio to 5.9.1, we occasionally get /code/ on our custom keyword class while running tests in Jenkins.
In Jenkins I am seeing the below errors: .
In your comments, you state that this is running in Jenkins.
Please find below the Nginx and jenkins error logs.
Since I migrate to androidx my app, I 've got an error on Jenkins when I launch the task assemble.
When running unit tests in Jenkins by using Karma and chrome headless, we got this error: .
Using /code/ volume mounts for docker socket (/code/) and docker (/code/) I am able to access the docker process from inside Jenkins container as well.
When we run the tests, we see the test are running fine in Jenkins, but it fails to create test cases in Jira and also fails to create xml reports.
In this way you can resolve windows firewall and offline Jenkins issue.
or is it necessary for Jenkins to be on a windows server?
The table and view creation scripts were uploaded to Git repo and executed through Jenkins.
/pre/  I also tried when starting the container to use --network="host" instead of publishing port 9000, but it still does not connect from the Jenkins Pipeline.
Everything works correctly when I am running the commands from the Command Line, just when I try to put it into a Jenkins Pipeline.
Jenkins) can access the other container (e.g.
When I 've pushed my code up and jenkins runs its tests, I get errors that point me to the direction that the default python is not 3.6 (does not recognize f-strings) .
For instance Jenkins is running on 9009 on the same server, but I can rely on /jenkins being the prefix to all traffic there.
I have a user jenkins on the server B but not on the server A.
I can access Jenkins from my host by going to /code/ and I can access my SonarQube by going to /code/.
But when I try and access the Jenkins container from my host by going to /code/ I get a request timeout.
Jenkins) can access the other container (e.g.
I am successful in doing so, but the problem is the password is shown in the output of Jenkins logs.
I also tried url trigger plugin in which I put url to monitor (RemotejenkinsUrl/job/test/lastSuccessfulBuild/buildNumber) but it did not help since I am not having access to s1 jenkins server and it did not provide sny output to the url (RemotejenkinsUrl/job/test/lastSuccessfulBuild/buildNumber).
Note: Jenkins indeed reports the system running out of space, so it 's not functioning.
When I run from eclipse everything works OK ,no fail.Failed only when I run from Jenkins or linux console.
I think that is a joke, since my unittests create JUNIT output reports for Jenkins and others.
In my Jenkins email setup Test Email works fine but I get "Error Sending email to following valid recipients ..." when execute the build.
Remember to save Jenkins once you are done.
I am running a DSL script that prints all connected nodes in Jenkins and sets for each of them the Git tool location on the slave.
/pre/  The path locations are set properly when checking the /url/ via Jenkins UI.
After the build is complete tests are run through vstest and finally if they succeed, jenkins exits with exit 0.
PS My Jenkins is running on /code/, so that 's why I am getting such kind of link to build status badge.
1) from the host system: connect to the running jenkins container as root .
Edit: The clean solution to solve this problem is to use a Jenkins Slave (worker) with a Docker Proxy.
When launching a Jenkins Job, I have access to the pull request last commit SHA1.
I have now start to build in jenkins and get code which must through error, but jenkins create build successfully.
jenkins also get latest updated code from git repositury after successfully run build.
/pre/  when i run my test directly from a batch file everything work perfectly , but when i run it from jenkins it fail while pasting the filePath in upload form because it 's not focused on it , any help concerning this problem?
It finds the Jenkins master and Agent discovery is successful but when it connects back to the Jenkins master it exits with connection refused and authorization error.
INFO: [JNLP4-connect connection to jenkins.ppm.nu/10.241.173.32:10033] Local headers refused by remote: Authorization failure (more of the log below) .
I 'm using the base image jenkins/jnlp-slave:3.27-1-alpine  but created a new one where I just added some ssl-certs.
But when i 'm executing through jenkins file as a script, nothing is changed in file.
Now any time you commit to the repo you created the Webhook on, that Jenkins job will be run.
i have configured am email to be send after the job is succeed in Jenkins.
The Jenkins helm chart likely sets up a single server.
Problem lies in chrome, not jenkins.
With Jenkins files, I see "Restart from Stage", "Replay" options but they do n't allow to override parameters.
But all the resources rendered again are with wrong path (without /jenkins) - /url/ .
I think this is a bug in the pipeline mechanism of Jenkins, else I would expect the post step never to have run instead of just on a success scenario.
I am able to manipulate the Jenkins config.xml directly, or any other files on the machine, if there is a way of getting this to work via configuration.
The issue has been resolved by rebooting the slave nodes as the whole file system in slave node went into read mode, even the root user gets exception with touch command on the directory /scratch/jenkins/workspace/ .
The main goal was to get 'green' Jenkins status if second test run was successful.
I 've been going over some Jenkins issues about resizing the main script window /url/ /url/.
Everything run fines and the script is executed, but when the jenkins tries to use bundle.
I am setting up an Android project from git in Jenkins, I am getting below error : .
run one for each Jenkins master) and have them all persist their queues to the same database (which can also be distributed).
This is currently handled by Jenkins job which when triggered will copy to server.
The Jenkins master web UI is accessed through a VIP configured on port 32083.
I can access the Jenkins webui and it works as expected.
However, when I try to deploy this template using Jenkins, it gives me the following unhelpful response (even with the --debug command): .
Sometimes i noticed that it helps if once i get the error i log in to Jenkins via web browser using the same account credentials used in the Python Script.
In jenkins after last task /code/ deployment never exits, have to manually abort it.
You may have to let the Jenkins master send the email (most agents/nodes probably do n't have a mail server): .
Our Jenkins Job is running the tests with "mvn verify -P itest", so my question is how can i change this behavior, to start and stop the Test Runner only once (with this "mvn verify -P itest" command).
And yes, as commented, a Jenkins server (that you control) can be used as a webhook listener, with the /url/.
When running 'npm install' in a Jenkins Docker container I get these errors:  .
My Jenkins image contains this code for adding npm/nodejs to it:  .
This is a major problem because we have automated nightly testing run via Jenkins.
This works fine when I 'm running the test on my machine, but is obviously not going to work on any other system, including the Jenkins system.
I use VisualSVN Server and I want to trigger a build with Jenkins when a subfolder has been committed, but nothing happens.
Jenkins X will deploy your pull requests to a new preview environment and give you a URL you can connect to, so you can carry your tests .
For inside() to work, the Docker server and the Jenkins agent must use   the same filesystem, so that the workspace can be mounted.
For this to work under the Jenkins slave, it was also necessary to run the Jenkins slave as a user process, rather than a service... this can be accomplished by enabling auto admin login and setting the slave launch script as a run (on logon) command.
After Jenkins build is done, it sends a notification to our internal messenger.
These values are taken by Jenkins by getting the values of respective environment variables.
I got this error for my Linux Jenkins slave.
/pre/  Error logs while executing via Jenkins:- .
Issue: When Jenkins tries to connect to a node, it fails citing: .
What else could be preventing tomcat/jenkins from following the symlink and successfully reading known_hosts?
I was analysing it a bit more and I found out that if a test fails once, this failure will be displayed everytime I run a new test and it 's displayed as a failed build by jenkins...
/pre/  I thought that might be the culprit, based on my brief reading on what this line does, but when I tried the same steps on my local machine (it has VS2017 and MSbuild 15, just like the jenkins server) I could not replicate the issue.
If you have a large repository (or you 're short on jenkins agents), the branch wo n't get discovered until after the second /code/ command has already failed due to the branch not existing.
The reason I was running into it is we do n't have webhooks set up in our dev jenkins, but once I move this code to prod it will work fine.
/pre/  I have never used Jenkins so I hope this works as I expect it to!
Was trying to execute python script in jenkins, that make HTTP request with help of  'requests' module, but got stuck with following error: .
Due to some Jenkins slave agent issue we were experiencing, we 're trying to run all our tests in AWS via Codebuild.
I 'm having this issue with Jenkins when I try to do /code/ .
Var1 should be a parameter in a Jenkins job and should populate val1 as its value and can I edit that value which should update the file in turn?
Our deployment process uses Jenkins, but sometimes our build fails with the following .
/pre/  While deploying application using jenkins its shows following error Caused by: .
But when I execute via Jenkins it starts the browser but does not load the URLs.
After some time Jenkins job gets timed out but still, browsers are open and do nothing.
In said environments they usually have an internal request system where users can request they have their credentials added to an appropriate group for access to Jenkins.
If I understand correctly, it was deemed a Jenkins issue and as such, not fixed on the /code/ side.
This is the code so far, it does connect to my jenkins server, does retrieve the list of jobs, does trigger a job, but does not allow me to know if the job pass or fail, and I get the error mentioned earlier.
Now if I change the cron trigger, jenkins does not pick up the change, the old trigger is still in effect until I force a job run.
The Jenkins API defines the query for the console log as a GET request, which (at least in the Jenkins API) does not contain a body.
Is this the expected behavior of jenkins?
My job in Jenkins Work Well, many times and sometimes I have an error: /code/?
I was trying to access Jenkins Stage View pipeline plugin 's temporary files/artifacts, could n't find the exact location.
The issue comes up when I give the exact same cli command in the jenkins job and it fails with error message "Credentials not found."
Send the response from Jenkins to your messenger.
When trying to connect to nexus repository manager(3.7) from jenkins using uname and password, its not connecting, resulting in error - Nexus Repository Manager 3.x connection failed.
Expecting Test Connection should be success as a first step when connecting from jenkins.
I have written feature step file using jerkins and I can see generated cucumber report and I have upload the reports in jenkins.
I just want to obtain a shallow copy of my repo so that I could save my Jenkins server from space crunch.
I have created below Pipleline script in Jenkins pipeline tab but I am getting error which executing the script.
After loading it is still slow, Jenkins does not feel very responsive at all.
Curiously, when I open Jenkins AND clear all browser caches (cookies, cache etc) the Jenkins GUI is blazing fast, everything loads fine then.
Cleared old data on Jenkins .
Any ideas what may be the real problem with Jenkins?
while i 'm promoting the code from local system to SVN Repository through using Jenkins with help of  batch file i 'm getting the below error.
but when i tried the same file from manual it 's working fine, when i run the Jenkins job getting the issue,  Please help anyone  .
You might look at this Jenkins issue and see if it helps.
while running the build on docker slave, i can view/access the  workspace but when the job is done, workspace is not visible from jenkins.
Somehow your script is returning the non-zero value due to which Jenkins is making the build as failure.
I can access my Jenkins instance from another computer without any issues).
I get this message in Jenkins console output on machine: .
I have an image of size ~ 6GB, which is successfully built by Jenkins and pushed to ACR.
This ensures that the jenkins master can scale to support many more jobs, and it also protects builds from modifying potentially sensitive data on $JENKINS_HOME accidentally/maliciously.
But in jenkins report publishers are post build actions and now I need something to display the file early during the test build.
I want to send a Jenkins response to Slack as a thread.
I 'm learning how to use Jenkins and jenkinsfile for my CI/CD project, and when trying to run a docker image to run my selenium tests against, an error is thrown saying that the docker image param is missing.
The error I get from the build is "Invalid use of Matchers" and test does n't pass in my Jenkins build (but passes in idea IDE) 2.
We use a Gerrit-triggered Jenkins pipeline to build an HTML app and everything works fine except the Azure deployment stage, which fails from time to time.
EDIT:  Not sure if it 's related but after 5 failed deployments, we restarted Jenkins and the ensuing deploy succeeded.
I am getting update notification from jenkins.
i am getting this issue in jenkins build.
We copied the Jenkins/AOSP setup from another server, and something was wrong with the copy.
Showing below error in Jenkins log      .
Jenkins: AssertionError: Browser actions not finished within 1s .
i have done Proxy settings in Manage Plugins>Advance , but the issue is when i am able to run script through jenkins getting Error: .
since each jenkins build happens within a container, I need to find the IP address of that container and pass it on to the newman env JSON)...  .
However, I ca n't figure out a way to tell Jenkins this is the definition of a failure, because of course the exit status is 0, which Jenkins correctly interprets to mean success.
On the new one however, Unity quits with success exit code (0) - causing Jenkins to proceed normally, but actually never created the solution.
The connection that Jenkins use to access to GitLab: API token.
The connection between master(Jenkins) and the agent (Mac Node): SSH connection and it’s working   .
The jenkins service was set up to run under the /url/ which caused Unity to behave weirdly.
Jenkins threw an exception  .
I changed my direct execution of the sexec in jenkins to be a call to a batch file from Jenkins.
This last one should be displayed to the jenkins console output at the end of build.
or I am unstable :/ or 'I failed :(' ... depending on the jenkins build status and always clean the workspace before each new build .
Depending on your Jenkins version and security settings you can have following error: .
However, I can easily run the exact same PM2 command via CMD, I have tried putting the last line command into a .bat file and asked jenkins to execute it, and get the same error.
I keep getting authenticating errors when Jenkins tries to connect to the SSH Repository URL.
Is there a way to stream live jenkins logs on the UI as plain text, instead of opening up jenkins UI?
/pre/  The Jenkins log output ends like this: .
the first deployment goes through fine and the created Jar is invoked, when I push the code again the web hook triggers the Jenkins but as the Jar is  already running it gives the me the below error, have tried searching but unable to find the excat solution i.e.
java.nio.file.FileSystemException: C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\TestRepo\build\libs\gs-rest-service-0.1.0.jar: The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process.
Occasionally this command fails on our build server (Jenkins running on Windows Server): .
That looks like a recent Jenkins issue (/url/) which is still pending: .
This is linked to the /url/, and is still seen in Jenkins 2.152. .
An attacker who gets control of my jenkins should not be able to access the production environment.
I need to scan the Jenkins logs and if it has something like "Failed" in the logs.
Jenkins should not continue and mark the job as failed.
2) If no, does each angular project build should happen on separate docker container(running Jenkins) to resolve this problem?
I 've created a perl script that runs on a daily basis via jenkins and if some checks fails it sends me an email.
Your jenkins will need to have a valid certificate for a secure connection to be established .
The main aim is not to configure jenkins on every colleagues system and they can access my jenkins just through an URL.
I followed the answer of Alastair Harrison for /url/  but Jenkins gives me a lengthy output of errors.
Jenkins is mounted in a linux server, I do n't know if the solution goes in that direction.
I am getting following error message in Jenkins console.
There are no errors from Jenkins when executing these steps.)
Jenkins could n't access the /code/ that was installed on the Windows machine globally that is due to the fact that Jenkin was running as the system (root) user while pm2 was running with the local user.
When you call /code/ jenkins will scan all the jobs that are configured to check out the specified URL.
Jenkins should then automatically fail the job.
In the Jenkins job definition, you can specify when and how to send a Mail.
This works fine for the local machine but when i run the same script on jenkins which has a headless browser my script always fails.
Then go to your Jenkins pipeline script and add to slackSend, the domain and the token credential ID or the token in plain text (not secured).
/pre/  Please help me in fixing this issue in Jenkins .
However it does n't work over jenkins because of server connection error regarding to jenkins console output.
As you can see in the jenkins log file, jenkins runs docker with the /code/ argument, since this user does not exits in the /code/ image, the command fails with the error /code/ .
Builds are triggered from an excel macro - and I 'm having difficulty understanding how to send the file to Jenkins.
how do I send multiple files to Jenkins in the same HTTP POST request?
The only option is pretending to be the web browser, and sending an http POST request identical to the one the Jenkins server is expecting to receive.
This poses the problem I described in the Jenkins Issue - the server 's response does n't contain the item 's location in the queue.
jenkins, I get "pm2: command not found" error.
go to services -> properties -> log on and set username/ password and   restart the jenkins service.
Assuming you can trigger the jenkins job using a script called "trigger-jenkins.sh", put the below script into post-commit file located in /code/ .
/pre/  now everytime you make a change to test/resources and main/resources and commit it, git will execute trigger-jenkins.sh .
I 'm running below script from Jenkins script console and getting exception at removeTrigger .
/pre/  I ca n't see why If I execute the script in the server connected with SSH works, but It does not works If Jenkins execute the same script.
SSH outside Jenkins works so there are not network or security problems, and the credentials are correct .
You will have to point to another directory (/code/ for example or even /code/) which could be accessed by Jenkins service.` .
How do I get a non-zero exit status that will make the Jenkins build fail?
/pre/  To get the scanning to work as part of a Jenkins pipeline job, I manually installed /code/ on the Jenkins container by downloading the zip file and unzipping it to: /code/ .
The problem you are facing is most likely related to how you run jenkins.
/pre/  It works fine if in the /code/ I put the raw password but if I put the encrypted which generated using /code/ then the Jenkins build failed and said  .
But when run through jenkins it throws a exception as  .
/pre/  This works fine when run from a command prompt, but the processes are immediately killed when run from Jenkins in spite of trying to run in another session (/code/).
But executing /code/ in a jenkins-pipline will fail, because there are not stored credentials.
Unfortunatly, when I try to send test packages from Gitea to Jenkins, I get the x509 Error, saying that the Certificates are not valid .
Delivery: Post https://*************/jenkins: x509: certificate is valid for xxxxxxxxxxxxx, not yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy .
I already tried to add Certs to the machine Jenkins is running on, to eliminate the x509 error, but it didnt help.
It works fine, but sometimes Jenkins build does n't update GitHub check status.
I see nothing relevant into Jenkins log.
Jenkins script in the cache gives the following error .
So I am getting the following error since maybe the jenkins is taking /code/ as one string and /code/ as another one.
To make Jenkins build failing on a test failure, you should setup /url/ accordingly.
You can further have subdirectories for app - for binaries/installed files, data - for generated data like Jenkins_home, log - to keep log files of these tools.
However it throws a throws this exception when running my bat file with Jenkins.
/pre/  I already updated Jenkins and all plugins, updated firefox and tried if switchTo().alert.accept() works in different locations .
Below is the error from PCF after running above commands in jenkins: .
My question is, how does Jenkins determine if a stage is a build step (for which the result will be marked failure) or a test step (for which the result will be marked unstable)?
All works fine when I work in GUI locally but when I try to run it in Jenkins in non-GUI I receive an error: .
I used this code (below) in jenkins to get files list  from svn url.
I have the data in the Global Database, which Jenkins inserts the version and deployment information.
I am attempting to automate our conda build process, by attempting to have it run within a docker image, that runs within jenkins.
Jenkins error: PermissionError: [Errno 13] Permission denied: '/home/build-dir/work' .
I have got a little issue with archiving artifacts using Jenkins .
Jenkins also has /url/ that can trigger HTTP requests.
in my case if i run gradle install  from command line ( without jenkins ) is :  error: incompatible types:  cannot be converted to boolean  .
but I would to see error in jenkins job console output .
Will I able to get the production ip and application log folder path in jenkins which using some ansible scripts can be passed to another program?
Speaking, would Jenkins notice that error?
/pre/  My test is executing properly but when it comes to print the report it shows the following error in Jenkins.Need a help to understand if I have done any mistakes in adding dependencies or plugins.
Jenkins will close the server once the tests are executed .
At the end of the process, How to stop the server through Jenkins without manually typing "Ctl+C"?
The good thing about using /code/ is that Jenkins takes care of replacing username and password with /code/ in the console log, so your password does not leak with the console log.
The way I understand (probably wrong): After the Jenkins Pipeline is run, the image is pushed on to repository (S3 or similar), and then from there deployed.
I am setting my ubuntu server(Ubuntu 18.04.1 LTS) to run Jenkins, I have successfully setup nginx config to run confluence and jira but I am not able to figure out with the issue is with jenkins, as whenever I try to access it, it results in 502 Bad gateway  .
When I run "pybot" command in command prompt, test cases are passed but when I run the same command in Jenkins it is showing error: 'pybot' is not recognized as an internal or external command.
I am finding a way to restart jenkins service automatically after it fails or crashes, I want to know that is there any way to do it?
I am not sure how this can be done @Jenkins.
We want to post messages from Jenkins builds in 2 scenarios: .
There 's no problem to achieve that w/o running step 2 in parallel, however, when I configure Jenkinsfile to run them together I get the following error from Jenkins: .
/pre/  Please suggest what exactly issue happening same step in jenkins test email works.
I have a Jenkins pipeline that is triggered by a bitbucket webhook every time a pull request is created, and builds docker images.
Execution of the basic curl command from Jenkins is getting failed with below error: not found .
but dealing with the users and ssh/deploy keys i had to import it manually or with the api which is a taff work and error-prone also it made my link with jenkins break so my question is: .
After that I saw that Jenkins copied some files to selected location including .gradle and gradle wrapper, but as You can se in error log it still uses those from C:\Windows\System32.
We want the lint errors only in this part of the Jenkins   pipeline.
But now on Jenkins reports test names are displayed in format like below: .
I need to send my report url in content to mail from jenkins after build in editable email notification.
I have an Ant build script that is trying to execute /code/ but I get this error when executed through Jenkins: .
The problem with calling catalina.sh or using curl command to deploy using jenkins manager is that I do not find any way to detect successful deployment.
In case MainTestRunner was successfull, Jenkins build status is "success" and FailedTestRunner will not find any failed scenarios into rerun.txt.
But in case MainTestRunner has failed scenario and it was reruned in scope of FailedTestRunner and passed, Jenkins build is failed anyway.
I use Jenkins for years and it never crashed.. .
Now I want to report the results in xml format or something more readable and exportable to jenkins - jira - zephyr.
/pre/  I have a long jenkins pipeline job for building and pushing microservices docker images to repo, code is solid, but sometimes there are network glitches that make the job fail.
Since then the tests seem to complete successfully on jenkins, but when i run them locally a lot of them fail.
 Jenkins run the test on either master or slave machine which you configure.
So my question is each time we have to update both jenkins file and pom file for the build to work properly ?
/var/folders/ym/d71xv1gx4fq16slmbtkmwr680000gn/T/jenkins80660521833580 63134.sh: line 2: docker: command not found     Build step 'Execute shell' marked build as failure     Finished: FAILURE .
I have a job (not a pipeline) in Jenkins which does some verification and generate a file, archive it and send by e-mail (using editable e-mail notification).
So the problem is when there no file is generated, because Jenkins faces it as an error and cancel the job.
I 've disk quota limitation problem on my home directory on my slave node, that 's preventing jenkins to create its .jenkins on my home(slave node)  .
I am trying to launch a cloudformation stack via the jenkins-cloudformation plugin  from a template stored in git but I receive an error "Invalid Client Id" even though I give proper access_key and secret_key.
And this error comes up irrespective of whether I pass secretKey, accessKey in jenkins configuration or not.
We are using a Linux machine as our jenkins slave, so this problem is hitting us very badly.
In my case i have changed https to http in URL line of /var/lib/jenkins/hudson.model.UpdateCenter.xml file and restart the jenkins, its start functioning.
You could also backup your config.xml , configure Jenkins for internal user access  , copy that off and copy back in your LDAP configured config.xml.
For solving this problem, I tried share $JENKINS_HOME by NFS, but it evoke error too.
If that it 's the case, stop it and restart Jenkins.
So, when I run my Jenkins job how should I pass the location of prop file in Jenkins?
I am trying to add git repository in Jenkins but it is showing error in the image.
Since updating Jenkins, I am unable to even show "Deploy to Elastic Beanstalk" as a post-build step for the first one (v0.3.19) even though it is the only one installed.
with open(file_path, 'w') as f: OSError: [Errno 22] Invalid argument: '\\\\xyz.domain.local\\folder\\subfolder\\subfolder\\subfolder\\Jenkins_Build\\buildlog\\windows\\jobA_2019-01-08.txt' .
By typing, inside my Jenkins pipeline, /code/ the artifact and the jar are properly saved inside the repository.
it seems that Jenkins do n't have access to Image path i.e  C:\SikuliImage.
My question is related to conflicting views about whether /code/ needs to be stable and whether it is OK for people to merge their feature branches into /code/ even if they fail CI tests on the branch (we use Jenkins and have enabled status checks on incoming branches into /code/).
I am attempting to use the Jenkins Pipeline to instrument a test for distributed software that involves one "client" and many "servers" by allocating Jenkins slaves for those roles, running the components on the slaves and then tearing it all down.
our Jenkins CI/CD Server, essentially getting the same effect as having a embedded container.
We are running Jenkins on server with UTC but our office is located at Berlin.
This problem occurred for me on Jenkins when I am setting my browser to chrome or firefox and then trying to run my tests.
Create a new log in Jenkins > Manage > System Log .
I am doing auto deployment of Java Application using Maven and Jenkins, but it is getting failed.Here is the console output: .
UPDATE: I have Jenkins 2.120.
What could be the difference between the 2 accounts when from a jenkins pov they have identical permissions..
I have a problem where the build status from my jenkins server is not showing in Bitbucket.
I get the below error every time I run the Jenkins pipeline .
I 've been using Jenkins for the past few months and had no issues until now.
But when triggering jenkins job remotely i do n't know how to pass these (username and password) as these values gets changed every now and then.
Jenkins pipeline can trigger Terraform code to automate provisioning of VM and ansible code for configuration of a VM, but, issues like rollback, error handling is not easy unless we use some vendor specific template like AzureResourceManager template.
However, when I try to run it from Jenkins, it fails with the following error: .
In order to make sure that the Jenkins is properly configured with git path and ssh credentails, I created anothe job.
Windows VM connects through port 30502 , exposed by the Jenkins master.
When the Jenkins master starts, tons of these messages keep getting thrown every 2 sec.
I just want to run this URL through jenkins job at end of the build (POST BUILD) like exactly I just want to run this REST call before it publish the build status (SUCESS,FINISHED,UNSTABLE,FAILED).
In the Jenkins log I get HTTP error code 407: .
In order to fix a docker issue in Jenkins, I need to run the following commands: .
This is easy from an actual terminal window, but how do we instruct Jenkins to simulate a logout and log back in?
When I execute the GIT ant target [1] through Jenkins, I get the following error: .
I am working on a Jenkins that must be runnable locally.
The goal is to be able to edit our jobs and test them locally before pushing our changes to the  'real' Jenkins.
I would like to be able to edit my /code/ locally, then go to my localhost:8080 and tell Jenkins to execute this /code/ to update our jobs.
I know how to retrieve /code/ from SCM so that Jenkins can take care of everything but I do n't know how to execute a /code/ that already is on the same filesystem than Jenkins, inside the /code/ (I can put it anywhere although).
I prefer looking in the jenkins log file.
with Jenkins), which seems fine at first, but they run into many “interesting” problems that can be avoided by bind-mounting the Docker socket into your Jenkins container instead.
While working with a simple declarative pipeline in Jenkins I 'm running into an inconsistency where I can run the docker run commands manually to publish my expo project; however, when Jenkins creates the docker container and attempts to run the expo publish command I get a connection refused error.
WARN[0000] Skipping unsupported YAML option for service...  option name=networks service name=jenkins WARN[0000] Skipping unsupported YAML option for service...  option name=networks service name=jenkins_dv INFO[0000] Using ECS task definition                     TaskDefinition="aws-infra:4" INFO[0000] Could n't run containers                       reason="RESOURCE:MEMORY" .
if your jenkins running by window service, try this: .
The repository is only a few MB which can be cloned using terminal using git clone command but Jenkins throws the following error  .
I expect Jenkins to clone the repository without any error.
My jenkins instance has been running for over two years without issue but yesterday quit responding to http requests.
I 'm getting IPA file on Jenkins with /code/.
However once the Jenkins build process is started, /code/ command of the Dockerfile returns an error while the build stage is in process.
This is a bad idea as jenkins 'll launch container outside kubernetes semantics and control.
With regards to robustness, if jenkins server crashes, then it resumes at script line, where it crashed.
If I wanna set up auto deplyoment or anything Jenkins related, I could just install docker jenkins image, launch it and access it via localhost.
It seems to me that Jenkins needs to be running all the time, so that it can watch for all the repo changes and trigger code building, testing and deploying.
I tried changing CSRF for Jenkins as was mentioned in some posts.
I got despite the under Ubuntu 18.04.04 error messages that the Jenkins does not want to start.
Eventually I solved the issue outside of Jenkins.
By adding a catch to the trigger-script that kicks off my Jenkins Pipeline, preventing it from being kicked of twice in quick succession.
The Jenkins successfully came up but, when I go to Manage Jenkins-> Manage Plugins, I see following error: .
Finally, get the first row of the piped output which is the user that is running Jenkins.
This url must load the Jenkins dashboard.
I have to convert the test results which are in json format generated by mochatests into Junit xml files in order to generate interactive test reports on jenkins using test result analyzer  plugin.
My build from jenkins failed and my error is : .
I am not sure whether I am missing something in URL or missing some Jenkins plugin to provide access from PowerShell.
Now I have another Docker container running temporarily in a Jenkins pipeline which shall be able to access the /code/ service in a specific stack.
/pre/  I get the following console output from Jenkins: .
I am not exactly sure how Jenkins work behind the scenes but currently when I triggered 2 build jobs simultaneously, it somehow runs only on slave node (and put another build job in queue), if I disconnect the slave and leave only master, then it would run on master(and put another build job in queue).
I am deploying my Maven app via jenkins pipeline, but it shows below error while running.
/url/ Jenkins Error .
I ca n't find a way to trigger builds on jenkins when a gitlab merge request get accepted.
I checked jenkins issues and find this one, i do n't know if this is the same issue ?
All the answers here are super helpful but miss one very weird bug about Jenkins.
Browser will be not launched when you execute test from Jenkins.
/pre/  When i tried to build in jenkins, am getting the  'robot' is not recognized error in jenkins console output.
(But apparently it would be a valid Jenkins-file)  .
The idea here is that we 'd like to capture manual job runs in Jenkins for recording purposes and all this report/result generation happens outside of Jenkins.
Then your results get saved on the Jenkins Master.
The problem I get is when I try the same thing, but inside Jenkins.
I always get an error when running under Jenkins similar to this:  .
I am using D3JS to visualize data collected by Jenkins.
I 've been through this all before using Windows which was pretty straight forward however i 'm getting a bit stuck with getting Jenkins to recognise my repositories.
We have noticed that when high latency is present between a Jenkins master and a  Jenkins agent, the job appears to wait for 45 seconds, from the time the job work completes, to when the job shows "success".
I 'm getting this error on running this jenkins build.
In Jenkins only when running test automation - has anyone seen an issue in their web interface where data is not displaying within an editable userbox and should be?
But when i run the same command via jenkins pipeline, it fails with below error: .
Triggering as well as other job configuration is only loaded into Jenkins it self only after the job was executed once.
/pre/  I am getting the below error when I trigger Jenkins job .
Currently, Jenkins is sending me email notifications with the build URL of the previous public DNS.
How can I fix Jenkins to send the build URL with current public DNS of EC2 instance?
This is tested with Jenkins 2.46.3 with /url/ turned on: .
in xml form which is later nicely parsed and displayed Jenkins.
One can use this new jenkins file to resolve the problem .
I am currently facing an issue where I try to connect Jenkins with my Gitea repository.
So far I´ve tried to manually add an update my certificates on the server Jenkins is running on, but this didnt work out.
The Jenkins variables are resolved fine, but the environment variables I 've defined globally within the file are not resolved.
This is specifically a Jenkins issue, not a Git issue.
Below is the output I see when the Jenkins job is run.
Why is the Job 's Gerrit Trigger configuration -> "Choose a server" changed after execution of the Jenkins Job?
But the test fails,it does n't fail badly enough for Jenkins to generate the email to alert me, in the post build.
In case of post-commit hook, Jenkins will be notified about the changes by SCM if necessary.
It 's prefered over /url/ because it will relieve the number of required requests and the traffic from Jenkins towards SCM repository.
The hint from Jenkins log you see is correct .
/pre/  The post-commit hook on Jenkins side is disabled by default after job is created without explicitly turning it on.
As a result, cucumber jenkins job is getting failed.
I am having this issue with Jenkins shared pipeline.
But, Jenkins job had been failing at /code/ without any error messages.
Just /code/ at the end of the Jenkins console log.
So currently we have a Jenkins pipeline process that reaches a certain point and then waits for input with "Have you got approval?"
/pre/  on Jenkins (running on EC2 instance) running /code/ it fails with: .
Recently I had a problem where Jenkins created a log file having 150gb.
After deleting the log file and restarting Jenkins all activity went back to normal.
Regarding the issues like rollback and error handling when going with the approach of having Jenkins pipeline that triggers Ansible code (with or without using ARM templates) that can automate provisioning and configuration of a VM to run the QA tests, (you might already be aware of this but wanted to let you know that) for certain types of tasks you may write custom modules that can leverage the error handling functionality and in few scenarios you may leverage 'failed_when' option.
I have a very strange behavior on my Jenkins machine: .
Error log in Jenkins when execute ant build:  .
/pre/  /code/ is blank but if i do /code/ directly on execute shell, it shows list in Jenkins console not not getting stored in /code/.
I can see that the MONGO_UUID got updated because I can see new record in mongodb but I am wondering how to echo that value in jenkins console.
here I need to subscribe Jenkins server public key to machine A,  I know is it possible to get the public key from Jenkins server terminal, but I do n't have access to the server, I can just log to the web dashboard.
/pre/  The problem appears when Jenkins suddenly shuts down.
For some reason it does n't execute code in finnaly step, so when Jenkins is up again, pipeline which failed ca n't be claimed.
Unfortunately, I do not have access to this server (we use jenkins to deploy so I have 0 contact with it), so I can only test on my computer which is Windows 10.
However, on linux, these all return /code/ which is not where the dll should be according to the Jenkins logs.
/pre/  Error Log in Jenkins: .
I 'm trying to start a job with a token and Jenkins gives me this error.
I got there by setting /code/ inside the container and got error like /code/ (which happens to be jenkins).
So to get NPM to work correctly we simply point the containers HOME environment variable for the user to the current folder via the Jenkins file .
The issue happened to me after upgrading from Ubuntu 16 to Ubuntu 18.04 LTS in nightly jenkins build.
I then stopped and restarted jenkins and tried the failing job again.
Assuming that docker compose runs inside of you Jenkins pipeline then the /code/docker-compose.yml` must be available in the shell environment of the Jenkins pipeline, otherwise will evaluate to nothing, thus giving you the error saying the tag is invalid.
I recently ran into my disk limits on a Jenkins server.
I decided to solve this permanently by mounting a larger volume and move the Jenkins home directory to that volume.
However, when arriving at the push stage, an error is generated saying that the directory /var/lib/jenkins could not be created.
Had to manually allow authentication on the server (i got a warning on the Manage Jenkins page).
Just for the record, I bumped into the same issue after several days running my Jenkins container without problems, suddenly it refused to start again spitting the error described in the question.
I made a quick test just disabling the firewall and the Jenkins container started again without problems.
I am trying to launch Jenkins Client as user log in task by running a bat file, this is require for running UI test cases.
When I try to run a Test Suite that depends on an Excel data file as a Jenkins job, somewhere it appears that the path to the data file, which created on a Windows system, which does not work on a Linux Jenkins agent.
After someone push commit I have the exception in Jenkins log: .
For that purpose we have created an xml file for each team which is read by Jenkins to generate a report that shows success / failure of the test classes that were executed.
First, the parameter is not being received by Jenkins, and two, I 'm receiving no response from Jenkins.
I understand that Jenkins is capable of uploading FPR files through the 'HP_Fortify_Jenkins_Plugin_TN' and viewing the results of the FPR files but I do n't see anywhere if it is possible to do the download of .FPR files and copy these to another location.
/pre/  But for unknown reason they do n't run on Jenkins.
This error does not occur through local testing, only Jenkins testing.
Jenkins failure report: .
I 'm in the situation of not having access to the machine Jenkins is running on and wanted to export as a backup.
Jenkins Error: .
HTTP ERROR 404 Problem accessing /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/my_test/target/surefire-reports/Wed_Jan_23_14_33_19_UTC_2019.png.
I have 2 databases, one mysql server and a mongodb, three projects, a jenkins running task reads excels sheets and feeds a mysql database, it also it is responsible for running other task, and I have web application which uses sequelize and this mysql database, and another web application with uses mongo.
Since it is related to LDAP try modifying the security tag to false instead of true and then re start the Jenkins .
Then I added parameters to our Jenkins server to alter the security policy and restarted.
Thus Jenkins is able to work directly with the workspace .
Should only exists one Jenkins server working over the network.
OK, after a bit of investigation this appears to an issue with Jenkins: /url/ .
However, sometimes when I commit to my Github pull request Jenkins will correctly kick off a test job.
Problem: I am unable to spin up my Docker container in Jenkins because of an invalid volume specification.
I 'm unable to view the Jmeter Dashboard report in Jenkins, however the jenkins job creates a index.html report but it 's empty .
/pre/  Can it be some jenkins configuration that 's going wrong?
We need to write script in Jenkins that XML report needs to convert it into PDF format.
I 'm trying to create a git repo using execute shell in jenkins and I get the error as above  .
TLDR; Solution: Move any credential files and dirs back to the original location OR change the jenkins user home dir [/code/] (this is what I have done).
When trying to connect my Windows (7, 10, Server 2016) node machines to Jenkins, I get the following error: .
I found /url/ on the Jenkins site but the asker fixed the problem by turning off a network proxy.
/code/ would be interpreted by Jenkins, hence showing the "modified" /code/ .
I ca n't seem to figure out where to put the "Dynamic Trigger Configuration" text file for Jenkins to access it?
Also because in Jenkins it states that "The URL must be in a format that can be parsed by java.net.URL."
But the problem is we are running it through Jenkins file not directly project ( where I am pushing my changes using /code/).
/pre/  I actually expected this to be a simple Jenkins setting...
I also failed to make it that I can independently work with a submodule in IntelliJ and have for each submodule it 's own Jenkins job.
EDIT: Seems that adding entry to .kube/config on Jenkins machine does n't help for that issue.
This method is blacklisted by default and when you try to approve it, Jenkins warns you that approving this signature may introduce a security vulnerability.
In the pipeline code, I need to retrieve the parent ID for a commit in the jenkins pipeline job triggered by gerrit trigger.
Jenkins is unable to interpret and escape "^".
After creating merge request in GitLab, merge request got failed and jenkins has deleted the failed job logs due to retention period defined under jenkins job.
Now, i want to re-trigger that specific merge request only from gitlab so that it will trigger the merge request job  in jenkins.
Whenever a merge request get creates in gitlab, it triggers the Jenkins Merge Request job which merge the specific changes to the git master branch.
In my Jenkins, I have configured git to take the pull from artifactory, which sometimes gets stuck at  'Downloading from snapshots' step.
I have configured allure report with my java+testNG test cases which executes on a Jenkins machine and the test report is generated on Jenkins using allure report plugin.
Maybe someone of can help me with this problem: I have a Jenkins job running on a Mac machine.
/pre/  The Jenkins server has a self-signed certificate which It has set up.
So I logged in onto the Mac server and downloaded the certificate from Jenkins with: .
It is pretty common when starting with Jenkins to have a single server which runs the master and all builds, however Jenkins architecture is fundamentally "Master+Agent".
The above error occurs mostly when Jenkins is unable to download the oracle jar.
Jenkins X, as you can read in the /url/, automatically installs a /url/ and seems that yours is configured for use SSL and non-SSL in same server.
Windows 10 now provides /code/ but I still see that error message when I try to call it from a service (Jenkins user in my case).
The general outline would be: follow slack 's documentation on how to receive slash commands: /url/ and then whenever you receive a command, make a request to your Jenkins server with the desired parameters filled out, as in /url/ .
I have a separate desktop and I 've configured Jenkins on that, I tried, triggering 2 job at a time, unfortunately my system get crashed.
Whenever a Linux service is stopped if the information is getting logged in /xxxx/yyyy/zzzz.txt file (or other examples are /aaaa/bbbb/jenkins/jenkins.log, cccc/dddd/tomcat/catalina.out, etc.)
It helps me post request to jenkins server.
Every Jenkins build creates a network before running the selenoid tests.
You can try queuing the job manually in Jenkins and you 'll probably see the same error there.
I 'm currently running a node project in Jenkins and this is the error I 'm getting.
/pre/  The problem could be either a bug in the Jenkins plugin or (more likely) a problem with the keys you are providing to the plugin.
The actual deployment would be called in another jenkins file which contains all the steps.
I am getting the above error when I try to build the project using command prompt and the same error is getting when trying to build using Jenkins.
The tests are executed from Jenkins using Nunit Console Runner and the output file generated is TestResult.xml.
When we upload the results back to Jira Xray using Jenkins plug-in as a post build step, only the scenario result is passed to the Jira Xray and no individual step result or attachments (screenshots) are uploaded.
If I open CMD and execute the batch file manually, everything goes OK. Any idea why Jenkins refuses to copy the file?
i strongly advise you not to let the build server (jenkins in your case) to push any changes to the repository.
A is triggered by pushes to our SCM, B is triggered in the Post-Build section of A whenever A was successful and gets the SCM revision number used in A as an environment variable using the Jenkins Parameterized Trigger plugin.
While launching Agent using the launch method Let jenkins control this Windows slave as Windows service, I am getting below error: .
The Jenkins Git client have a property you can set for controlling the client timeout - /code/.
/pre/  I tried to configure the screen size through jenkins to 1920x1080, but it did n't solve the problem for me.
But the problem is when i run xvfb + fluxbox using jenkins, half of the times it fails to invoke fluxbox.
I am trying to have the reason as it is printed on the console of my Jenkins instance why a build failed through email.
I have the URL string needed to pass the information back to Service Now however, I do not know how to reference the Build Status from the Jenkins job.
In net beans it is compiling but in Jenkins it is showing error.
Jenkins Problem Statement -  .
During jenkins restart process getting below error  .
NOTE: Upon disabling (commenting line number 550 on config.xml) Jenkins UP but unable to login to Jenkins.
You may create a change log by including a /url/ step in the Jenkins pipeline script.
In the Jenkins logs, I get this error .
/pre/  This error appears every time a job is ran that uses Sonarqube on our Jenkins instance.
Initially I had thought it was due to a missing Auth token for Sonarqube on one instance of Jenkins, however this error seems to appear on other Jenkins instances that we have that do have authentication tokens.
/pre/  However all the directories have jenkins use as the owner, I am not sure why it is getting into permission issues.
But when the artifact reaches my server, after compiling as part of the CICD process (jenkins), the jar fails with: .
/pre/  NotifyHandler.groovy(Used for posting Jenkins job build status to Artifactory, send emails and so on) .
The test pass on local, but fails in Jenkins.
However, local Jenkins credentials will conflict with your very idea sharing credentials with other services... .
I also faced this issue after I updated the jenkins version.
Go Jenkins Service and restart it .
And when I install Jenkins from helm chart (stable/jenkins) I have problem "pod has unbound immediate PersistentVolumeClaims".
Pod 's log content:  container "jazzed-anteater-jenkins" in pod "jazzed-anteater-jenkins-69886499b4-6gbhn" is waiting to start: PodInitializing .
When downloading artifacts, what needs to be downloaded is determined dynamically while the Jenkins pipeline is executing.
I 've had the same issue when creating a jenkins on a gke cluster and I could n't even found the initialAdminPassword (tried to look inside the volume with no chances)... .
I 'm dealing with a very weird anomaly in Jenkins that makes absolutely no sense to me.
I have a need to automate the start and stop of weblogic application via Jenkins, with both Jenkins being hosted in a server A and the weblogic to be worked on in another server B, The application can be shutdown by invoking the connect command that accesses the console and shuts down the application, I have a need to clean the log and temp files generated by weblogic before being started, That could be done by executing some scripts.
/pre/  I expect to start the weblogic server from server A (Jenkins Server) either by running StartWeblogic.cmd in Server B  or some startup script in Server A to start the application in Server B.  .
Test Cafe does not work with IE 11 while running it from Jenkins slave Windows Server VM.
When trying to run the tests with RDC from the command line the tests are executing properly, but when running through Jenkins slave, it does n't show any progress in testing.
Note: Found that the IE browser launched via Jenkins slave is not taking the system default browser settings.
Tried changing the login type of Jenkins server, tried both local system account and admin login account.
I tried to access jenkins initial password from var/jenkins_home folder by /code/ and /code/.
Is it possible to trigger jenkins job via slack message where goal is set bassed on message whixh is configured.
I am trying to fetch the response code for my ELB using the following Jenkins Pipeline DSL method and using /code/ to ignore the SSL error: .
I am getting the following error (using Windows Jenkins slave) java.io.FileNotFoundException: File 'D:\JenkinsRoot\workspace\TestJob2\lib\database.cfg' does not exist .
Jenkins sometimes is unable to run cron/scheduled jobs randomly with below error -  .
Finally, this post helped me to do away with the crumb problem but still securing Jenkins from CSRF attack.
I was not creating persistent volume before deploying jenkins.
This morning we had two hours of downtime after a botched Jenkins deploy that was very difficult to roll back.
However this required me to both go into github and roll back our master branch of code, and additionally, we had to dig through our old services to find the old environment variables to put back into the environment variable storage service, so Jenkins could fetch the old environment variables for the deploy.
/pre/  Jenkins Error Log: .
But I just want to know how can I use different data in JSON request body to hit the same end point URL that mentioned in the HTTP Request Jenkins plugin.
You get no info in any logs (Jenkins or System), which is what made debugging this difficult.
Can we send to Jenkins the merged branch or we must to do the merge in the Jenkins job?
I 've been dealing with a boring trouble in Jenkins where happens de following.
/pre/  On my jenkins I randomly get the following exception and my build fails.
/pre/  Jenkins Error Log: .
I have already configured Jenkins to output the pass/failure/skip notifications when using robot, but once I change it to pabot the notification no long appears in my slack channel.
Access Jenkins instance.
Jenkins docker image usually shows the initial password in the container log.
Even when Jenkins deploys the WAR to tomcat, everything is good, except for one issue.
We are using node request module to call POST /queue/cancelItem?id={queueId} , as a response we are getting 302 status which is correct as per documentation , But Jenkins queued job is not getting canceled and gets completed later on.
PS: i can cancel Jenkins queued jobs from jenkins UI, without any issue also I can cancel the started Job from UI as well from node request module.
/pre/  I was able to fix the problem with /code/; after that, the Jenkins build was able to complete successfully.
/pre/  At the moment it is configured to give a link to Atlassain Bamboo test results but could easily be updated to link to Jenkins test results.
I have the same issue after upgrade Jenkins...
I 've configured the GitHub plugin on Jenkins, but while adding repositry i 'm getting the below error.
I think Java differs between Jenkins Master and Slave.
Is there a way to identify when jenkins process (UI) is down from splunk log or any other means?
Also, though jenkins backend is running fine, jenkins ui is down/not loading and restarting nginx fixes the issues.
I can ping this machine through it 's IP, I 've even Jenkins running on port 8080 and can reach it just fine through any internet browser.
I believe you must be extending the Jenkins image.
I 'm trying to list as last changes that were sent to a branch develop, for this I execute the git log --pretty='format:%H' --after='${formatYesterday}' --before='${formatToday} and I get the hash of the last changes in the last 24 hours, then with a list of several hashes I trying the git diff --name-only ${GIT_LIST_COMMITS[cont]} to list the changed/deleted/deleted files in the commit But,  in tests this already worked and a few days later it does not work(does not list files) anymore (in Jenkins and Git Bash).
Jenkins stores all logs on master only, that 's why you cannot find any log on nodes.
Jenkins produces an output artifact(testart which contains imagedefinitions.json) that is uploaded to s3 using the plugin.
In order to provide durability, which means that running Pipelines can survive a restart of the Jenkins master, Scripted Pipeline must serialize data back to the master.
Via Jenkins on Build failure how can we send Jacoco code coverage report status not as Attachment i.e (How much code covered like 80% or 60% etc status) and Jmeter test result (How many test cases passed) over mail ?
FYI I already generated Jmeter html &amp; Jacoco html via Ant application, even know how to generate report on jenkins itself using JaCoCo coverage report plugin &amp; Junit test result report plugin and configured on jenkins to send over mail as attachment on Build failure using Editable Email Notification.
We initially had most jobs do org/repo scans, and as we started to get more things running on Jenkins, began to consistently exceed quota.
Or should we just drop the notion of Git events triggering jobs in jenkins almost immediately?
You can do /code/ if using a corporate repository, and if your container host ca n't access the corporate repository, run the image first on the Jenkins box (or wherever the image is being built) which will cause the dependency jars to be downloaded inside, then commit the docker image, and push that image out.
This script work well at the Jenkins console (/url/), but throw the exception when it placed inside pipeline.
after all, stage gets executed then finally need to get abort Jenkins job and show stage and steps which are failed.
There are logs on the master in "$JENKINS-HOME/logs/slaves" but none on the slave node.
I am allowing the build to occur in jenkins if it comes from a merge to master made with the feature, as I will run another pipeline in the hotfix and I want it when the hotfix merge with the master nothing happens.
Astonishing that Jenkins does n't track a request to its conclusion with a unique ID.
I see you are running Jenkins on windows.
However I 'd be glad to see the test report as an HTML as I typically can do with Jenkins.
However the code development and Jenkins build happen on Windows server.
Everything was working fine until 9PM last night when Jenkins could no longer access our repository.
Very strange since nobody has touched Jenkins or visual studio in some time.
When the failure alerts came in, I began to update Jenkins and it 's plugins.
my favorite is Verigrren - a gateway check-in system that deflect your push to a temporary branch, Jenkins pulling it, run test, and only if it is ok, Verigreen is pushing the code for you to the protected branch.
I am having Jenkins in my virtual machine Azure .i need to access it with URL remotely from outside.
Jenkins does not record this information.
I saved my username and password for the repository in the windows credentials and saved my local username and password under windows services - jenkins - login, but both didn´t help.
SEVERE: Failed to initialize jenkins java.io.IOException: Failed to   set the timestamp of /var/jenkins_home/secrets/initialAdminPassword to   1547434033746 .
In the above example, I have 1 failure but Jenkins job status is SUCCESS.
How can I change the Jenkins job status to FAIL when playbook has at least 1 failure?
Still the SVN user details is not visible in the SonarQube UI or in the Jenkins job log.
The /url/ source code confirms that the values of the update sites are actually loaded (I suppose at the start of Jenkins) with no possibility to alter the lists afterwards.
I can rule out a general config issue as the same script works perfectly on the same systems (just a different jenkins pipeline).
I can also rule out general issue with the jenkins pipeline, as it will intermittently work - without changes.
But testNG report is not getting generated in jenkins.
Even when i execute the code from the jenkins then Testng reprot is not generated, but when i run the code from the Eclipsse the Testng Report is generated  .
Jenkins would use these XML reports to display failing and passing tests on each build.
When tried to start Marathon after installing apache mesos 1.7.0 and zookeeper 3.4.8, marathon process fails to start with following error in jenkins: .
But in that case the in production the problem will be like  if we add any variable later into property file that variable needs to be added into the array of Jenkins file as well.
I have created a jenkins job where I am passing ReleaseNumber as a parameter, I want this ReleaseNumber to be updated in every pom.xml file (root and child pom), since I am uploading these wars in nexus repository, same version number wont be accepted by nexus.
I can obtain complete reports on Jenkins 's side by generating it from junit xml.
Problem is that it 's not readable and without attached screenshots, so if I want to investigate failed test - I need to go to the Jenkins build and open report there.
The workspace became corrupt in some way related to a ref conflict and I 'd like to get jenkins to auto prune to avoid this potential problem.
/pre/  How can I get jenkins to auto prune in the master workspace prior to fetch (and perhaps after it too)?
/pre/  but jenkins fails with this error: .
So, If I launch deploy.sh from linux or windows - everything okey, but when I try to launch deploy.sh from jenkins-job(shell-step) - there is error message - System.console() returned null.
Problem on Jenkins side, how to fix it?
I 'm having an issue with one of my docker containers connecting to my jenkins master.
This used to work fine for several months but something must have changed either in Jenkins or our corporate firewall rules that I have n't been able to pinpoint.
Jenkins is able to start the container but it fails to establish the JNLP4 connnection.
/pre/  But in the jenkins log it shows that it connects on some other port 56602: .
you just have to use finally(this will execute irrespective of stage output) method while you are executing jenkins files: Refer to /url/ .
Our DCLAN team found out that there is no restriction on firewall    level because API servers &amp; Jenkins server are in UAT VLAN.
We have added host entries of api servers in our Jenkins master, and    vice-versa.
Jenkins server is able to telnet and ping API servers &amp; vice-versa.
Even I faced the same issue while setting up the jenkins Manually I had  to set the path like below .
However, when running on a Jenkins server, I get the following error when running "pod install --verbose":  .
Works fine locally, but jenkins failing.
/url/I have been trying to get the UserID and Timestamp/Date for the below jenkins Groovy code provided by Jenkins itself which i have tried adding different parameters to get the userid and timestamp/Date of a particular build which is pulled by the groovy code.
With Jenkins running on a Ubuntu 14.04 LTS server we began getting crashes on startup of test containers with the following error: .
/pre/  Initially it was suspected that this could be due to misconfiguration with local Dockerfiles or the Jenkins server itself, however running: .
But, as /url/ correctly said, Jenkins mounts his workspace to image, so /code/ executed in /code/ and leads to missing /code/ folder error.
/pre/  On the /code/ step, Jenkins throws an error (I 'm running this initially on a Jenkins server on my local instance, although in production it will be on an Amazon Linux 2 machine): .
Jenkins runs /code/ by default, not /code/ (but I 'm not sure if this has anything to do with my problem) .
Now I want to use JDK8 [as primary JDK] on my macOS slave to avoid JNLP connection error as my Master Jenkins is having JDK8.
I 've gotten to the point that the command works and uses the host docker socket (/code/ outputs the jenkins container and ecs agent) and docker-compose is working (/code/ works) but when I try to run anything that involves files inside the pipeline, I get a "no such file or directory" error.
/pre/  In postman I am sending a request to the same URL mentioned above and setting the headers with a "Jenkins-Crumb" parameter and the content type of application/xml.
I have have created two clusters ECS in the same subnetwork, one for jenkins master and other for jenkins slave(empty cluster).
I created a test job to verify configuration and under Restrict where this project can be run of my test job, I am getting Label ecs-jenkins-slave is serviced by no nodes and 1 cloud.
When I am running the job, it is going in pending state with message '(pending—‘Jenkins’ doesn’t have label ‘ecs-jenkins-slave’) ' .
This happens via Jenkins only: .
Launch /code/ command (you can get it from your console output in jenkins) .
Anyone try to run Jenkins master and slave on ECS Fargate type.
1)  For every new artifact(say /code/ in Nexus) generated in Dev pipeline, What is the option in Jenkins that is used to trigger a QA pipeline execution?
Given i am a Developer or Tester when i create a new EMR Cluster with Jenkins pipeline the error above should be resolved and aws cli should work without any failure.
~/jenkins_home on my local machine is mapped to /var/jenkins_home in the container image thus exposing my localhost filesystem .
but if I update my test scripts to (v 2.0) and rebuild it, Jenkins still executes the old codes (V 1.0).
docker run --restart=unless-stopped --name devonejenkins -p 8080:8080   -p 50000:50000 -v /mnt/storage/jenkins:/var/jenkins_home jenkins .
I have am doing Jenkins build now, but at some point of doing "npm install" I got a error message saying "'node' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file."
something alike this might work with Jenkins: .
I 'm calling Jenkins jobs from C# using the WebClient class and I 'm not receiving any response even though the Jenkins job is triggering and executing properly.
If you finish all the settings of Jenkins, then you can browse the Jenkins with the VM public IP and the port 8080 outside the VM, the URL like this: /code/.
I was facing same problem in jenkins.
I could understand having jenkins x and staging on one server, and then have another server for production.
And there is a potential issue in that someone can make a change to the Jenkins script but the changed script wont get run until it is merged into the master branch, and if there are any errors, it 's too late... .
When the same job is triggered from Jenkins I am getting below error.
/pre/  Our solution has an CI job in Jenkins, and the Jenkins job started to be so often Unstable due to tests that fail because of the following Error : .
For containerized Jenkins system, mail server can also be configured in same Manage Jenkins page, E-mail Notification section.
/pre/  Even then I do n't understand why  'registry.juistbezorgd.nl' returns just valid, local login works, but just not on the VPS / Jenkins.
$JENKINS_HOME/secret.key .
otherwise you will see below error after starting Jenkins: .
While deploying my tests on a Jenkins instance, I noticed that some submodules could not be initialized.
The error has nothing to do with jenkins or bitbucket but a git misconfiguration.
I have a web service (Jenkins) that handles user requests, and I want to be able to dynamically append the request session id to each log line without having to actually add that variable to each and every log action.
Is there any way to save a pipeline configuration  or an item configuration in Git or anywhere else, so that when my Jenkins machine is crashed, i can migrate the saved configuration in the new Jenkins instance?
My end state is whenever I commit cloudformation templates to my bitbucket repo, jenkins will automatically create/update/delete cf stack.
Jenkins is able to clone both the private repos, but fails when cloning the public repo -- the exact opposite of what you think would happen.
My only guess is that Jenkins somehow sets an environment variable when switching from the private to the public repo, and that 's messing with something.
Initially, i faced the issue, that concurrency does n't work in Jenkins.
Most likely the issue will be that Jenkins pipeline requesting for updates every few seconds in order to get the current status.
This is probably a bug in the Cloudformation plugin in Jenkins - you 'll need to raise a ticket and ask them to implement a backoff of requests if the cfn stack is taking longer than expected, so that it does n't keep requesting the status of the stack as often.
I have build a code in a separate ec2 server and generated the .tar file which I need to send it to separate server using Jenkins publish artifacts via ssh.
My jenkins reports do not show the screenshots captured in the runs.
I see the error as below in the Jenkins report.
I tried to restart my Jenkins service, it kept giving the same error.
I would like to store the main directory /var/lib/jenkins of jenkins to be stored on to different hard disk /dev/sdb , so that even if my jenkins instance goes down i shall be able to restore my jenkins from the disk.
I am setting up Jenkins pipeline, but getting an error while  Passing variables extracted from the shell in the environment .
IE Browser is halting during Jenkins run.
The same test is executing fine for chrome browser from Jenkins.
I guess there are some setting needed in Jenkins slave machine.
Messages from Jenkins are something like: .
I 'm getting below error when trying to upload my ipa which is build on Jenkins.
How can i make fastlane fail the job in jenkins if such issue appears?
So, you can just backup these /code/ files (or you can backup all Jenkins configuration by saving full /code/ folder).
because when I run Jenkins job I get an error as "No such file in directory" .
I was having the same problem with the jenkins image.
I 'm trying to set up a restriction on a merge of the pull request till Jenkins build runs successfully.
You can solve this problem by using asserts, so whenever your condition does n't met the assert will fail and so will your test case and jenkins will show the status of the build as "UNSTABLE" instead of "PASS".
So in this, if the element is not displayed on the page, assert will be failed as it is expecting true value but will get false and your jenkins build status will be shown as unstable.
I was thinking to use a "send files over ssh" post-build script, but have not done this before and do not know how to refer to the file location on an Apache server versus on Jenkins.
How does the script differentiate between whether the location address refers to the Apache server or Jenkins workspace?
Please take a look of jenkins.err text file from the .jenkins folder for the actual error.
Issue I am facing - I use Jenkins to execute my scripts.
Jenkins calls POM.XML file which inturn calls testng.xml file (In testng.xml file, I have mentioned the scripts to be executed) .
/pre/  Here, the challenge is - In the catch block, If I DO NOT mention "throw e", Jenkins wo n't understand that the failure has occurred and display "BUILD PASSED" in it 's console output.
I want it to display "BUILD FAILURE" in Jenkins console.
Only when jenkins show BUILD FAILED, it logs automatically bugs to JIRA.
If it is "BUILD PASSED" and though finished status is UNSTABLE, no failures will be displayed in the test result section of Jenkins NOR it logs any bugs in JIRA.
I already had created end to end framework but later realised this problem when I started integrating with Jenkins (or else everything was fine till then).
However, the same scripts fail when running on Jenkins, with the following error: .
ERROR: for db  Cannot start service db: error while creating mount   source path   '/var/jenkins_home/workspace/project_name/db':   mkdir /var/jenkins_home: read-only file system .
I would like to upload a picture and it 's working in local but failing on jenkins with the following code: .
You can only fix it in the Jenkins console, since (as you noted), the BlueOcean setup will block your access to the job settings like it would in the non-BlueOcean Jenkins UI.
Check this link out and you may have to run some commands on jenkins node to get it to sync up with the branch.
i 'm try to set up in jenkins for build IOS but i have this problem ↓ .
I liked Cypress, but the fact that I cannot work with Jenkins is a deal-breaker.
/pre/  I assume due to an automatic update of Chrome this now does not work anymore locally whereas on our Jenkins where we have a fixed Chrome version this still works.
Been having the same issue until I found the password hash that works is the SSHA with jenkins.
/pre/  The problem is, that  the /code/ method cannot not get the given /code/ from Jenkins Keystore.
Through this, you have also the advantage that your image are cached on your machine and you must not pull always the image from repository because Jenkins was restarted.
Or will Jenkins notice that the dependencies and/or image layers already exist?
Exposing the host 's docker socket to your jenkins container will work with  .
When running /code/ from Jenkins pipeline I have the following error message: /code/ - /code/ returns /code/.
The following message I get from jenkins.
Then I deleted the contents of $JENKINS_HOME/fingerprints and restarted Jenkins.
/pre/  For debugging on Jenkins to make sure the expected test is triggered better to have failed condition: .
Thus the varible ABSOLUTE_WORKSPACE=/home/ubuntu/volumes/jenkins-data + /workspace .
/pre/  Same /code/ file am using for Jenkins job plugin  "Publish JUnit test result report" .
Unfortunately, the Jenkins build never failed or warned us.
/pre/  When the windows service server receives request, it will start a node and connect the hub to the corresponding Jenkins selenium Grid by running a batchfile that has .
(I 'd say "yet", but JENKINS-30058 is a 4 year old blocker bug, so I suppose it 's not going to be fixed any time soon.)
I am just setting up a new Jenkins system on Windows server 2016. .
Here is my command in Jenkins (some parameters obviously changed for privacy in this post): .
I have tried several things in my batch file that is getting executed to deal with it, but Jenkins always assumes it is a bad state and fails the build.
I found this solution in the relevant Jenkins bug report: /url/ .
I have not been able to figure out how to rename the status check message for each Jenkins job (i.e.
If anyone knows how to change this message on a per-job basis for Jenkins Multibranch Pipelines that 'd be super helpful.
I have two branches on Jenkins(different svn repository), one is working perfectly, the other one(created on Jenkins recently) only works at first time to trigger svn update, the second time to trigger svn update, I got the error "org.tmatesoft.svn.core.SVNException: svn: E155021: Unsupported working copy format".
I also tried to restart Jenkins with no luck.
How can I resume my pipeline when a code-review event is pushed to my Jenkins.
But jenkins build is failing, i have pasted the error message from jenkins below.
I 'm running my Cypress locally and they are always pass, but when I 'm running them in jenkins, I keep getting this error: .
/pre/  I want that if any command inside ssh session fails, the Jenkins job would fail.
When I try to build the job Jenkins pulling the code from ACC but it 's failed to build the code in workspace, there are no errors found in build process.
/pre/  If you want to run all tests and want to know if there were any failures from jenkins check the exit code of the pytest app: .
I have set up different /code/ profile to post process results on jenkins.
I can log from that code into the Jenkins master, however all data to log is effectively logged in one chunk only once the code run in the slave has completed.
This works fine and our tests are running successfully in Jenkins.
/pre/  @JustAProgrammer aske me if C:\WINDOWS\SYSTEM32 was in the PATH of my Windows machine, and that is correct, but seems like Jenkins master do not know the slave 's Windows Path.
I was receiving error from above answer (probably due to my Jenkins version) - For some reason I get this: /code/ ---- And it says on /url/ its resolved.
How can we catch response of http get call in jenkins /url/ ?
/pre/  below error logs after executing from Jenkins:- .
I am getting this error when I am starting my application in new EC2 instance which is created by Jenkins2.
When I use Jenkins1 its working fine but I switch the same code to Jenkins2 its failing with this error.
Jenkins is SSHing into the box and not receiving access to your keychain.
This causes the Jenkins build to fail prematurely without running the remaining components.
Once it runs from a Jenkins server it prompts for Captcha code.
However, on Jenkins /code/ results in /code/ and I 'm unable to create /code/ under /code/ at build time because I get a permission denied error.
My Jenkins job is failing as its giving below error message: .
How should i configure jenkins in postbuild actions to run testngfailed.Xml if any test cases failed.
The issue is that the portion of the command after rendering a variable, and beginning with double hyphen '--' does not get picked up by jenkins.
/pre/  But the error i get on jenkins console output is:/url/ .
I 'm trying to setup jenkins to be able to access a mounted drive (it 's not a network drive - it 's a local HD, I mount it manuall).
I have developed Jenkins-plugin and stuck with an error.
After two weeks, for some reason, when I run /code/ I receive an empty list although the jenkins container is running and functioning (it worked in the past).
Giving Sonar directly acces to my Repository, or let jenkins build the pipeline first and then pass the data to the sonar container?
I suggest you creating /code/ file in jenkins and putting token there.
Can we have a parent jenkins job (gets triggered for every commit happening with the web hooked git repo) to be cloned for every fork of that git repo.
For every commit, the jenkins job gets triggered.
I have a jenkins job that I do n't have access to modify it, and it runs mvn command with arguments on a root pom.xml .
Once I set one up and changed the credentials in Jenkins, we were back to normal.
I have created one .sh which contains java command required to run the tesng.XML file when I run this test.sh file on Jenkins it shows me permission denied error.
I have a remote Jenkins job which writes a text file upon completion now I would like this job status to be polled and start a Jenkins local pipeline job whenever there is a change in the text file, In a freestyle project I am able to do this via FSTrigger Plugin but there is no support for this plugin in Pipeline, is there is a way I can trigger a local job based on the completion of another job in a remote Jenkins Server .
In jenkins logs there is an information:  -Report has loaded and contains 15 issues -Issues to be commented: 0 .
The Problem is that the output are multiple json-result-files but the cucumber-reporter from jenkins cannot handle this correctly.
I assume that contacting the first URL will trigger Jenkins build, and the second one will update SVN working copy used with build jobs.
/pre/  When the build is executed in Jenkins i get these errors event though the location of the public key is correct: .
I 'm pushing docker image through Jenkins pipeline, but I 'm getting the following error: .
It seems the Jenkins Plugin reads in the entire /code/ and puts it into the /code/ returned by the /code/.
I 'm trying to set up jenkins pipeline using gcloud but I 'm getting the following error: .
/pre/  When I run this VBScript file(directly by double-clicking, not via Jenkins), all the 4 steps mentioned above run fine.
When I run the same file via Jenkins, the following happens: .
/pre/  When I 'm trying to run above code in Jenkins script console I 'm getting following error: .
After restart jenkins, build starts by schedule, but after some time problem was back.
Below are the error messages from Jenkins job console and Event viewer: .
I had some luck using args /code/ on the docker jenkinsfile declaration, but this creates directories and files owned by root which can not be deleted by the user Jenkins at the next run.
Running Jenkins behind a load balancer.
/pre/  Now if you will be able to access Jenkins on port 80. .
Method 3: Jenkins Behind A Load Balancer .
If you are on a cloud, you can opt for a cloud-specific load balancer which will send all its port 80 traffic to backend Jenkins 8080 port.
/pre/  However, as soon as the build command is issued in the jenkins job, I get the following error: .
Does the /code/ value set by Jenkins actually match the expected format of that file?
The /code/ file contains potentially multiple tickets indexed by user/port; if Jenkins 's /code/ value is just the ticket (like you 'd get from /code/), it wo n't be recognized if you just dump it into a ticket file (because the client wo n't know what connection it goes with).
Check the reports that Jenkins can give you every after test execution .
It looks like Docker is blocking something and Jenkins thinks the node is busy, so it waits eternally.
The Maven is executed within the Jenkins Docker container, thus working with Docker networks and container-names is required.
I am trying to setup a cron-job using jenkins on a linux machine which will run a particular job and then will create a log file in "/var/log/" and write the logs to it.
My Jenkins Server is behind a corporate firewall, I do n't have any way to have access to this server outside of the corporate network.
Due to the corporate network rules I cannot add a hook in Azure to call my Jenkins server, but my server can have access to the Microsoft Azure web site.
3- I think I cannot instrument  my Jenkins to see if we have a new Pull Request branch, because I will not be able to send the Jenkins build result to the Microsoft Azure DeveOps server.
I am getting below error when compiling a maven job with Jenkins.
How ever I am able to compile the same code manually(Not with Jenkins) with out any issues.
I also got this error message and eventually found out that the Jenkins credential should be RSA secret key, not public key.
Jenkins errors with: .
it should be noted that the Rakefile works correctly on dev machines, but I cannot get it to work when it is invoked on a Jenkins Pipeline via a JenkinsFile.
First, I tried to just connect to Jenkins and GET data from the main page: .
Jenkins uses /code/ for uid/gid on my machine (but may be different on yours - login to the host Jenkins is running on and execute /code/ to detect them), so you need to replicate it in the container that should be run by Jenkins: .
/pre/  This way, although the modified files will still change the owner, their group ownership will still be intact, so Jenkins will be able to clean up the files (or you can do it yourself, via .
So far some maven build jobs got below exception while we did not change anything in Jenkins.
Changing the Jenkins Services Log On credentials resolved the issue.
Now I am trying to set up a build for this on my Jenkins server, and that 's where I 'm having issues.
By adding -u myuser as args in jenkins pipeline, I do log in as the correct user, but then the job ca n't access the jenkins-log file (and hopefully that 's the only problem).
This is a sure fire way to revive sleeping Jenkins.
i have successfully done all the jira and jenkins configurations.If my case fails on jenkins the defect is auto reported on jira.I want to confirm if it is possible to attach the scrrenshot to auto reported defect.
Jenkins is showing node as offline whereas the node is up and able to connect via ssh with our any issue.
(And yes I have looked through all the tutorials but they assume that I have Jenkins running on a VM somewhere on the cloud).
So far I have had no luck with the tutorials on the web since I donot really have a URL to this instance of Jenkins since it is only available on my local network.
Have Jenkins post the build status back to the external service API so that Azure DevOps knows whether the build has succeeded or failed .
Grateful for any pointers as far as what I should be analyzing or what could be helpful in determining exactly which component of Jenkins is problematic here.
Because in Jenkins UI no error message is getting displayed at the same time I am not able to publish HTML Report on Jenkins (Though allure generates proper report on Jenkins slave machine).
Since you are using jenkins you can use the process of upstream -> downstream or pipeline based process for the deployment of the .ear files.
Jenkins interprets every return status != 0 as a failure of your batch command.
Ff you use robocopy for example, a successful copying of a file returns a status != 0 - even if the copy was a success - so Jenkins marks the build as failed.
You can supress the status code - or let the batch command always return 0 - so Jenkins will mark your build as a success.
I already tried some properties of  Jenkins.instance.getItemByFullName('folder/job').lastBuild but they either returning whole job status (stable/unstable) or there is no RUNNING results.
I have a Jenkins build which is generating .zip file ,I am getting the string index out of bound exception while cloning from GIT Repository.
Just in case, I 've verified that the custom CSP value is still set inside Jenkins.
The good news is that the setup should work - I also have a Slack slash command triggering a jenkins job, so the issue will be somewhere in your setup.
I see in your /code/ example you are accessing jenkins on a private IP.
While migrating, I noticed that the jenkins is MUCH slower when its in a container than when it ran on the server itself.
How can I speed the jenkins container/ give it all the resources it needs on the server (the server is dedicated only to jenkins).
Above error occured only when executed by jenkins 's slave.
(repo sync seems without /code/ when execute from jenkins.)
/pre/  The problem is kotlin compiles the project properly on my machine however via jenkins I get below error.
But the problem is the port is active and still running and it 's not able to let the jenkins to perform post build action.
So I just want to kill the spring boot once all the rest calls are invoked and let the jenkins to execute the post build activity.
I have a similar problem, as far as I understood after test failure chromedriver does n't close instantly but only after it reaches some timeout value(about 10 mins for me), but with older chromedriver version these closing chromedrivers were not occupying jenkins slots.
im trying to post Jenkins job script output to slack notification: but i cant able to access the output in slack notification setting.
As Jenkins is a Java application, another potential issue comes in mind: memory exhaustion.
The DNS server might be an issue, check it by executing /code/ from the Jenkins container.
The second is just as obscure as the original instructions on how to do this: you have to restart (or possibly even reboot) the Jenkins instance.
does anybody know any examples of how to copy the a artifact which is archived on jenkins101 to jenkins102 when a job is triggered on jenkins102 .
I think the related issue is that Jenkins installation is wrong.
But when triggering a job from Jenkins it fails withe the below error + docker run hello-world docker: Got permission denied while trying to connect to the Docker daemon socket at unix:///var/run/docker.sock: Post /url/: dial unix /var/run/docker.sock: connect: permission denied.
The actual issue happens in Jenkins JobDSL, and classpaths and imports seem to be fine there otherwise.
Here I should get a path to unlock Jenkins while connecting with the  aws instance ip address.
Is there a way to configure cucumber tests or Jenkins to have the scenario running on server B wait for the scenario running on server A to complete before it may proceed?
To undead Jenkins just swap load for unload in the above command.
i have a Jenkins pipeline, which triggers a Jenkins groovy script via SCM, this script will create a file(if the file is not present) and write else it will update the file and doing some stuffs, this file need to be deleted.
Custom Connector You would have to /url/ which can connect via on-premises data gateway and have one action defined which can call your Jenkins machine .
Setup On-Premise Data Gateway You would have to /url/ on your local network so that it has access to your Jenkins master (can be on the same host as the Jenkins master too) .
In both of these scenarios, you could directly call the Jenkins endpoint using the IP where its hosted (the on-premise IP itself) .
I try to push to a private dockerhub repo from Jenkins but I always get errors due to Authorization I guess.
May be you can login to jenkins machine and check at /code/ .
This requires access to the Jenkins / Maven server, and at many companies would be done by DevOps.
Once the installation is complete, you will be able to access jenkins on your browser - in case of AWS, it would be the public ip of the server and default port 8080 .
The fluffy Jenkins reports required the json files.
pls suggest how can I launch the browser so that my test will run on Jenkins .
I have the s3 access key and secret key configured in Jenkins plugin configuration.
It 's connected via the Jenkins method, and this works fine.
It 's a known Jenkins issue: /url/ .
when Jenkins slave node is running as service and browser is initiated background in minimized mode.
If I remove the timeout, tests are getting stuck in Jenkins and need to be killed forcefully.
I am having difficulty automating the activation process since it seems an API does not exist in Jenkins for that.
After trying bunch of solutions, I still had that file growing to multiple gigs (especially after a jenkins restart/update) and clogging my server.
I came up with this solution - pretty radical : since the user that created this file is /code/, I deleted and re-created the file as /code/, so basically jenkins ca n't write anymore into it.
I encountered a similar issue some time ago in some Jenkins build tasks.
The issue I had was similar, inconsistent tests passing, and the build failing in Jenkins due to random tests failing (even though they passed locally).
I resolved the issue by manually placing the /url/ file in the \war\WEB-INF\lib directory of Jenkins and restarting it.
This is where the problem lies, Jenkins is giving me this error .
/pre/  I believe what 's happening is Jenkins is checking out my Jenkinsfile which is in /applications/commons/single.jenkins.git, and then since the webhook is passing a commit hash, Jenkins is trying to get that commit hash from this repository.
I was thinking, can the GitLab payload for the webhook be turned off, so Jenkins wont receive it when triggered?
Right now, since the webhook call will cause a Jenkins error, i disable it for now and i just manually click the Start Pipeline button in OpenShift, but this is a no go since we intend to have a fully automated CI/CD pipeline.
I have job in jenkins with editable email notification post step, but email is sending every time when job is triggered.
/pre/  But it seems i ca n't find the right syntax .. Jenkins throws me this error : .
open the jenkins service in slave machine go to properties .
I want the data in one of the files which is stored on master jenkins to be published in email notification of slave job.
By default, Jenkins stores all of its data in this directory on the file system.
/pre/  This value cannot be changed while Jenkins is running.
jenkins ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL 4. save the file by doing Ctrl+O  (dont save in tmp file.
Relaunch your jenkins job  7. you shouldnt see that error message again :) .
In jenkins when we try to generate User API token it is always giving parsing error.
The problem occurs when i run this from jenkins.
The output.txt file gets created, but remains empty while on Jenkins, i receive a minicom message like this:  .
Jenkins puts it 's own stuff there (like /code/ or /code/) so that could cause strange problems when you install more plugins.
I need to make an HTTP call from my Jenkins pipeline to an external HTTPS resource that requires client certificate.
The problem is that Apache HTTP client classes are not serialisable and as a result the code fails in Jenkins.
/pre/  As I indicated, it works correctly standalone, running as a console app, however when I attempt to execute it from Jenkins pipeline, I get the /code/: .
Slow response from slave (disabled Response time in Manage Jenkins > Manage Nodes > Configure > Response time) .
So basically pre-build load the file from the Jenkins server to the working directory Git is expecting it to be in, then removing it from the WD once the job completes.
For a successful run in Jenkins for /code/: I see this: .
/pre/  For a FAILED run of /code/ in Jenkins: I see the following errors: .
/pre/  This is initially difficult to diagnose since Jenkins (rightfully) hides your actual credentials with ***, so the empty environment strings do not show up as empty.
I thought it might be a Jenkins security mechanism but when I try and do something similar with a Freestyle job, I get a masked output (/code/).
Although Jenkins has permissions to CreateSecurityGroup, I get this error when Jenkins runs my Terraform main file: .
/pre/  Unfortunately I get the error posted on top when Jenkins executes the Terraform script.
I was trying to reload Jenkins to resolve an issue with Extent Reports not displaying properly.
I shut down Jenkins and passed this command upon restart from the command console: .
Upon restart, Jenkins loaded up a whole new configuration and all my users, jobs, etc., are gone.
ERROR: Server rejected the 1 private key(s) for jenkins (credentialId:worker-ssh/method:publickey) [02/08/19 20:31:06] [SSH] Authentication failed.
Problem- on every push Jenkins build is happening through /code/ branch so  /code/ this variable is always giving me /code/ as value regardless of the branch I have pushed.
I have a Jenkins job that triggers when a branch is updated.
However, I find that the Build Steps are executed on the Latest branch, rather than on the branch which pushes to it triggered the Jenkins job.
/pre/    How to get the contents of Jenkins build output?
Is the necessary port opened for Jenkins to reach it?
/pre/  This comes as the output when I run the story via Jenkins.
To fix Extent Report: You need to change default Content Security Policy go to Manage Jenkins -> Script Console and type into console the following commands: .
I am having trouble getting Jenkins multibranch pipeline detect pull requests created in the Bitbucket server (private instance).
When I access the jenkins pod via NodePort it is working but when I try to access it via Ingress / Nginx setup I am getting 404 .
Post installation Jenkins is up and running and my jobs are executing fine.However, I need to change JENKINS_USER to other user but I am not able to locate the Jenkins file that will have info like JENKINS_USER and JENKINS_PORT.
The mistake I was making was I updated the dockerfile and created a new image, pushed it to dockerhub but forgot to prune and update the latest copy in the instance where Jenkins master was running.
So even though I made changes the updated image was not pulled by the Jenkins master and boom there you go !
If you have processes which runs such AQLs very often (ex: running from different runs of a / multiple Jenkins jobs) then /code/ may get these errors intermittently.
A Jenkins server suddenly failed today with the following error: .
I could recover Jenkins, by manually copying the plugins from another server.
/pre/  After further investigation found out that lots of plugins got deleted (also, I found out the culprit and it is NOT related to Jenkins).
Description : Same POM works locally with same suit but when i am swtiching to Jenkins execution, it shows the errors.
Error Message recevied while running job from jenkins :  .
But data stored by this Jenkins server will not be persistent.
However, Jenkins does n't have the privilege to do that.
/code/ here is Jenkins security token for your account.
One problem is that, you have /code/ configured for your Jenkins, but you configured /code/ for your ingress.
/pre/  With this, I am able to curl Flask, but still not Jenkins.
I have copied the public key of the jenkins server to Github SSH/ deploy keys, also copied the Private key to the Jenkins using SSH with username and password method, Why is this causing error.
As part of post build action in jenkins, I want to delete a job if it has failed with a particular exit code.
But the same code fails when I add it to current jenkins job.
/pre/  Error message when it runs as  Post Build Step in Jenkins Job Configure: .
However, the builds are queued up properly in Jenkins itself but no status shown in the pull request.
/pre/  So job will send email report only if it triggered in time from 7AM-9AM  cancel boolian stands for letting jenkins know if report should be send or not .
Locally this script is working properly but on jenkins server it is showing ( Cannot instantiate class MetaChecker org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.SurefireBooterForkException ) error with BUILD success.
I am getting a constant error while running script from Jenkins to test SonarQube installation.
What I have observed is when i run a bat file as administrator it runs perfectly, so that might be an issue with Jenkins not able to run that at files.
/pre/  Jenkins: 2.60.3 requests: 2.20.0 requests-negotiate: 1.5 .
The machine needs to be rebooted later on which happens through jenkins however the cron jobs do n't run due to the @reboot.
Mount docker socket in jenkins container: You will lose context.
This somehow confused Eclipse (Jenkins was fine).
If you get such error like it was mentioned above you should access through the URL "/url//jenkins/", but not only "/url/".
This helped me to understand the root cause of this problem - the pipeline is running with jenkins/jenkins (user/group) and unable to delete files/folders created with another user (root/root in my case).
/pre/  I was using /code/ which is recommended on their documentation but unfortunately, when running the script on Jenkins, it fails due to exit code 137 (Another process sent a signal 9).
Once you 've developed your cordapp, you 'd simply place the cordapp jar in the /code/ folder of your node (probably via jenkins job) and after a node restart, your node should be able to load the new workflows and states present in your cordapp.
When I try to access the Jenkins console /url/ I get This site can’t be reached error.
/pre/  Jenkins Console Error .
jenkins provisioning profile issue will be solved .
I 've had no problems getting last build details out of Jenkins in the past, but I 've struck a weirdly-configured corporate environment, where the API urls are structured like this: .
I can clone my git repository on the Linux server that hosts the Jenkins app, but when I 'm trying to create a new Jenkins job to do so, I 'm getting error 128. .
I wanted to have subject in the email notification sent by the Jenkins as 'My build failed' when build gets failed.
But i get 400 error when this task being executed in Jenkins.
regarding your step 3 - are you saying that you are saving the /code/ private key in jenkins credentials?
How do I set the timezone in jenkins in a docker container so that when you reboot the server it retains the setting?
run System.setProperty('org.apache.commons.jelly.tags.fmt.timeZone', 'America/New_York') in the script console which works but if you reboot the server or jenkins it reverts back .
i am encountering a weird issue when adding a new jenkins slave node.
My Jenkins project runs mvn assembly:single and it fails without a clear error.
Seems like a problem with file detecting remotely (while on jenkins).
NOTE: this might be a security flaw so be careful who has access to the jenkins container     .
Once rendered, the file is pushed to the Jenkins Home Directory.
If above is the case, you should try to utilize Jenkins to complete the full process: build, test, deploy and verify, then consolidate the results then send out via email .
Jenkins can detect those signals, e.g.
What works is that Jenkins creates test case and it is fine, but issue is that it hangs and not updates Jira 's issue (pass/fail).
Jenkins console output says that build is successful, and then hangs: /url/ .
All is going well but when Jenkins job is finished then I 'm getting 'Exited from signal: SIGTERM' and my tmux session disappears  /url/ .
I would like to keep my server running after jenkins job is finished.
I tried to use a batch script to wait 100s to stop Jenkins from triggering the next build job that deletes the Backup before the restore is finished.
Looks like it has an issue only if I run it from Jenkins.
sometimes when jenkins tries to checkout a repo from bitbucket it will give me error 128.. .
Suppose I havbe two Jenkins builds that sometimes start together, if they both require the same git repository and try to pull together, one of them will fail with: .
I see from the logs that Jenkins is polling the correct URL.
So Im running the jenkins inside VPN, so because of that I ca n't use webhooks where bitbucket cant to sent request to my machine.
/pre/  Jenkins fails with the message /code/ (huge list follows).
I currently have couple of files which are in the credential storage (logins, passwords and so on) but this file just has to be stored on the Jenkins machine.
Now we have the problem that the Jenkins is thrown with the building of the individual subprojects due to the relative path, which is in the .sln file, following error:  .
Or are there possible solutions for this error in Jenkins?
my question is this: how can I export a variable from SSH session that is connected to a remote machine to use it on a shell with a local host, all that is on jenkins?
When we run the job in Jenkins we are unable to view the screenshots in extent reports.
keep active session i tried for same machine with jenkins and localhost but since 1 jenkins agent job is running it doesnt support .
If you want your build to exit on the first error, then you should configure the tools you are calling from jenkins to exit as soon as an error occurs (through command line flags etc.).
In that repository URL field, the host name of the server "svnserver" may be changed in future and it is used in 400+ jobs in Jenkins.
When I cleared this cookie (and performed a relogin) Jenkins was very fast again.
/url/]/url/I am using the maven project for the automation, I want to take the snapshot of failed test cases and send in the attachment, the snapshot is captured and save successfully but in Jenkins attachment is not working can anyone find out the problem?
I am using the maven project and Jenkins  /url/captureing of image code is working correctly and snapshot saved successfully but in Jenkins attachment, snapshots are not sent in the email .
I have tried to clean project using command 'clean' from Jenkins and i am getting below error.. .
I use jenkins k8s plugin to deploy slave node，but in the slave container，can not use kubectl，the error is ： .
I figured out how to run a test of an application without eclipse using /code/ and to run the test I used the terminal and typed /code/ but the problem comes when I tried the same command on jenkins, the console output is the following: .
I am using Github pull request builder and sonarqube plugin in jenkins ci.Everytime a pull request is opened a jenkins job must run using sonarscanner to analyse code faults and then publish inline comments on PR and block merging option if there are some issues.My concern is that even though sonar scanner is analysing the code everytime a PR hits but no inline comments are published for the same.
So When i am running the batch file from "Jenkins" the same is failing with "Access is denied " error.
I am executing POST request using curl inside a for loop in Jenkins pipeline.
we are getting ERROR: You must define the following mandatory properties for 'Unknown': sonar.projectKey, sonar.projectName, sonar.projectVersion, sonar.sources in when executing a job in Jenkins .
/pre/  I am looping through each service and getting the build number from Jenkins.
in the Jenkins UI, how can I set whether a build should be considered unstable(yellow), or failure(red)?
Another alternative I found is to have a job that is basically a big sleep, that gives the best view from the front page but if the server running the jenkins slave has to be rebooted then the job fails.
/pre/  even if this file /code/ existe, jenkins file ca n't find it !!
I ca n't help but think it has something to do with the Identity that 's being used by Jenkins and or Nunit .
** UPDATE    I just tried to configure a Jenkins "Slave" with the service account   running as the Jenkins Domain user, no luck still... .
/pre/  Whenever someone does a commit to the repo, git sends a message to Jenkins to trigger a build.
I am trying to get Jenkins to trigger a particular script if there is a merge commit to the master branch in which a particular line in a configuration file is changed.
/pre/  As it is difficult to see exactly what is going on in Jenkins from the job 's console output, all I can figure out is that it is not picking up the change since I 'm not seeing any output from this.
I could see the new column appearing on Jenkins console or log file output but not in the actual cube.
Now we would like that jenkins job to be configured in a way that only when anything inside abc folder is changed or committed, it triggers that job otherwise not.
Upd: I 'm using a Jenkins Agent server to run test.
When all test finished  Jenkins Agent push the whole workspace to the Master Jenkins server and absolute path to workspace became: /code/ and path to the screenshots: /code/.
But inside that report we have the absolute path to the screenshot came from Jenkins Agent Server.
As a result Master Jenkins unable to find the screenshot when shows the test result report.
Running sql exports via jenkins (backups), On a regular basis i receive  "ERROR: (gcloud.sql.export.sql) HTTPError 409: Operation failed because another operation was already in progress.
/pre/  But it seems Jenkins cannot find my node to run.
But there are no "enable annotation processing" button in jenkins, and it throws the same error when it compiles my code.
The jenkins server is running in tomcat on my local windows machine.
and I managed to get that working on my home pc from a local windows-based git repo to my locally running jenkins server.
/pre/  But then I get this error when running the Jenkins job: .
The hard coded path does not work if Jenkins machine does n't have the "D:" drive.
When I triggered a new job in Jenkins, a new build will be generated in Test Controller machine under the location "%AppData%\Local\VSEQT\QTController\".
Each file saved there will have an auto generated ID or you can set your own id, next you can use /url/ to access your files through Jenkins Pipeline using the file ID like this: .
I have been trying to open up the port 8080 on the machine currently running our Jenkins server by altering the Firewall settings, but regardless the HTTP POST is n't coming through.
Is there something obvious I am missing here in regards to Jenkins or is it just simply the fact that our Firewall is blocking the connection as we need to use VPN to connect into our local network from the outside.
We only have set up Jenkins on one computer (a computer running within our local network) and have not introduced any slave nodes.
I 'd rather do something like /code/, eliminating a whole class of potential edge cases and weird bugs, but I ca n't seem to find any such pipeline step in the Jenkins docs.
After doing that, the next Jenkins build when through without a problem.
I say appeared to be because I did n't do anything else to the Jenkins job or the slave, and it had been failing consistently before that.
I 'm having trouble in signing in to our Jenkins Server with any valid credentials.
How can I fix this problem, it 's a security problem if I leave our jenkins server without authentication.
The symptom is that Jenkins is polling two repositories, but does n't check the correct one for changes.
Webhooks (gitlab, bitbucket, or whatever) do n't actually cause Jenkins to build a particular commit - the webhook just notifies Jenkins that something has changes, and Jenkins polls the repository to see whether that change should trigger a build.
In my case, Jenkins receives the hook, polls the repo, then polls another repo (also used by that job, but rarely updated) and checks it for changes.
/pre/  If I check the jenkins logs, I get an error as: .
Normally, all objects that you create in your pipeline script must be serializable (the reason for this is that Jenkins must be able to serialize the state of the script so that it can be paused and stored on disk).
That 's how you access Jenkins.
But this tests fails intermittently on my jenkins.
/pre/  Outside of Jenkins, the same test runs without any problems.
But inside Jenkins there is always the same problem with "E/launcher - invalid argument: ca n't kill an exited process".
I am trying to deploy a Katalon Testcase to Jenkins but some errors appear, such as:  .
I have this issue (our Jenkins server has n't been updated for a couple of years, so pretend the date on this post is 2017).
stop the all process running with a jenkins user.
I am using Jenkins 2.15 and faced the Issue and got resolved with following settings.
Issue is that I force user authentication in Sonarqube and after that Jenkins pipelines fail brutally on quality gate, although sonar analysis pass.
Jenkins is showing message starting the chromedriver but the chromedriver is not triggered and testcase fails.i dont know why it is happening .
My objective is run all my PhpUnit test automatically after every commit and generate reports about the success or fails of the tests on line command or on html page using PhpUnit plugins integarted into jenkins.
You can mark a build status as failed by setting a new value for the global jenkins variable /code/.
I have experienced a similar issue while running Selenium tests in headless mode through Jenkins job.
I run Jenkins with docker slaves and I 'm trying to get the name of changed files(in the merge request) so I can do some further automation against those.
[ERROR]    [ERROR] Please refer to   /var/jenkins_home/workspace/Server/target/surefire-reports for the   individual test results.
when you are running /code/ in your jenkins job, there are no unstaged changes so it is totally normal that /code/ shows nothing.
If you want to list the changed files in your pull-request, jenkins does not know about that.
/pre/  When it came back up I could run Jenkins in Docker on Windows: .
/pre/  But when I mention the same path in Jenkins it 's showing me the following result: .
I 've heard that you can delete the JENKINS_HOME/fingerprinter folder but I do n't know what problems that may cause in fetching existing release builds.
When you file an issue, make sure to add the entire stack trace, along with the version of Jenkins and relevant plugins.
For now I am using jenkins without user login by changing config.xml file i.e in security step I changed true --> False.
And I can see in the output that the initiali script (above) is in fact running on my windows slave, but when it 's building the job 'My_Pipeline' it still tries to map a workspace to the Jenkins-master at it 's linux machine path /var/jenkins/... and it fails.
I am trying to get my head around groovy scripting to make some changes to a jenkins pipeline and I keep getting this error: .
Ok. After multiple trial and error and google search, I have managed to get the Jenkins Multibranch pipeline work with Bitbucket server.
I am unsure what logger to pick in Jenkins and then how to call that logger from my application.
For some still unknown reason, my Jenkins jobs running on a remote server aborted with the following error messages: .
FATAL: Unable to delete script file /tmp/jenkins478092438024758922.sh .
/pre/  This is the error I 'm getting from jenkins.
However, when I run through Jenkins (declarative pipeline), I get the following error message: com.microsoft.sqlserver.jdbc.SQLServerException: The value is not set for the parameter number 2. .
I have looked at several resources around CallableStatement and several StackOverflow posts about the error message, but I do not understand why the parameter would be set when running locally, but not in Jenkins.
Fixed: The JNLP port is chosen by the Jenkins administrator and is consistent across reboots of the Jenkins master.
When I execute the tests with Jenkins, FF or IE browser are opened on the windows machine.
Thing is that I don´t know how can I do this in jenkins file.
I encountered the same issue while triggering execution from Jenkins.
When running the test from Jenkins it 's not downloading the file to the specific mentioned location (/tmp) although it clicked successfully on download button.
/pre/  Due to some issue with Firefox on one of our Jenkins slaves, Karma behaves like this : .
Is there any was I can get this process to end immediately, so I do n't block my Jenkins slave for nothing?
spring boot can use logback for logging, However, if you run your application from jenkins (ie, testing maybe) then you can use 'tee' to split output also to a log to a file : .
In general Jenkins gets notifications from whatever hosting server you use, that something has happened, and then you write code that decodes the event(s) that occurred.
However, about midway through the testing phase, some weird characters appear in the Jenkins log, and it seems to cause the tests to fail.
/pre/  Here 's part of the output from the Jenkins Log .
I suspect that is not a Jenkins error.
and in turn produce a report within Jenkins.
However You may need to identify how to execute above command from POM.xml so things get run by POM and then Jenkins.
Is it problem with dependencies (package.json file is added after console output) or some configurations on jenkins is missing?
If you 've setup http_proxy/https_proxy in the environment variables (and it 's a proxy which jenkins does n't like)) then that too will throw this cryptic error.
/code/ waits for 30 minutes until sonar scan completes, jenkins is suppose to receive QualityGate status, as per below code.
Verify the slaves Remote root directory is set properly in the slave configuration under Manage Jenkins -> Manage Nodes.
/pre/  My /code/ commands work perfectly fine in my local environment but it fails on the server where my jenkins is configured with the following error message.
Error form Jenkins - /code/ .
Once done, try to commit code changes to the Hotfix branch, which in return should trigger the jenkins job.
I 'm running jenkins build job which takes code from git and builds an artifact but I 'm getting following error .
I found some answer and tried all the possible ways but getting same error in jenkins console output   .
Using the /code/ method I can properly get the workspace path and I can even see the required file in the exact same location in the Jenkins node.
Moreover, things like jenkins also could handle your problem.
ERROR: java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not instantiate   {issues=org.jenkinsci.plugins.workflow.cps.CpsClosure2@2c319167} for   PublishIssuesStep(issues:   org.kohsuke.stapler.NoStaplerConstructorException: There 's no   @DataBoundConstructor on any constructor of class   io.jenkins.plugins.analysis.core.steps.AnnotatedReport[],   failedNewAll?
I need to populate the artifacts dropdown only the latest timestamp inside jenkins build.Now i am seeing the artifact with all timestamp.
Also someone guild me where I can see the Jenkins log.
I want when some of the stages in the Jenkins pipeline get error then to have some options like asking for input, or print some message.
I have a jenkins server as /url/ i want that to be changed to /url/ .
Is there a way to display the XCUI test results on the jenkins job with pass/fail status and linked screenshots?
/pre/  however Jenkins seems to be caching the value of /code/ templated into the agent YAML.
proxy or firewall to be able to access Jenkins from Sonarqube - it depends on your network.
I have a problem in my jenkins job and I isolated into one command.
But the problem is when I do it, my jenkins job keeps stuck into a "exit 0" operation that I have no idea from where it came from.
I have configured Poll Mail Box trigger in Jenkins with my Outlook 365.
To check if jenkins is already running.
I 'm probably doing something wrong, since I 'm new to Jenkins, MSBuild and Xamarin.
/pre/  Jenkins stage log (actual app name replaced with My_App) .
I also played around with Jenkins-crumb but that seems not necessary because the above cmd command already worked.
Error message from Jenkins jobs that have no previous builds: .
The jenkins error /url/ .
So far, Our Jenkins service hanging everyday, we cannot access the web page, I have to restart Jenkins services after hanging.
So how can I find which build job consume high CPU, and how can I find a root cause why the Jenkins die, I check in system log, but did not find any useful info.
Download &amp; Update Last Jenkins.war  Bug is Pass  .
Browse to /url/ and wait until the Unlock Jenkins page appears.
Webhooks are equally worthless in accomplishing what is needed, as nothing seems to fire off a job in Jenkins, regardless of how it is configured.
However the URL does not work and does not redirect to the microservice after been applied from jenkins.
To try and diagnose the problem I deployed using kubectl and jenkins and diffed the output of /code/ .
/pre/  a bit wrong and commands /code/ and /code/ in/code/ will be skipped, with the /code/ statement, because failed /code/ will abort the jenkins build.
I have jenkins groovy script , and I prepaer a jenkins file with this code  my code search for slaves with acceptable task on node and after look for slave with iphone, but from some reason i got an error on my execute.
I am getting error while execting Jenkins Pipeline DSL code  .
Is there a way to upload files to Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 from Jenkins ?
The problem is related with the usage of the docker deamon while executing jenkins pipeline stages inside a container managed by Kubernetes.
Then also "Stage View" disappeared so there must be some conflict between other plugin rather then Jenkins itself.
I am having problem with the executor in jenkins.
Root cause of your problem is wrong permissions for Jenkins:  .
/pre/  In jenkins, everything shows green, but logs shows that nothing was ran at all.
In my case, I found that the batch script I was kicking off from Jenkins was the problem.
Once I 'd removed the flag I could see the test case was able to print to the Jenkins console output.
/pre/  Before solving the issue, I was confused as my tests were passing on the server it was just that Jenkins was n't able to see them passing so it would hang.
I assume that when Jenkins sees the output in the console it is able to stop the job as intended.
Once in a while we get this error in our jenkins jobs: .
module.jenkins_service.var.vnet: Resource  'data.terraform_remote_state.network' does not have attribute 'vnet'   for variable  'data.terraform_remote_state.network.vnet' .
Jenkins compile error   .
I am doing most things right while setting up build item inside Jenkins, when I try to build the code from inside jenkins I get a maven compiler error, maven clean error.
The issue seems to be only when I run the script from inside jenkins.
You can call /code/ followed by a commit on Jenkins before the release.
Everything is working as expected - Jenkins is joining the review, checks change with pylint and generates report.
Jenkins is giving me a warning: .
Jenkins root URL is empty but is required for the proper operation of   many Jenkins features like email notifications, PR status update, and   environment variables such as BUILD_URL.
Previously we make the build from jenkins with "npm run build --prod --aot true --progress false" and for some reason with that command the vendor file was named vendor.bundle.js and have a size o 8.3mb.
I have a Jenkins job, which besides generating console log, also generates a bunch of other output files (mainly logs), which my users would like to monitor while the job is running.
The issue is that Jenkins does n't evaluate the PHP file, but simply downloads it as text.
Jenkins issue (dated back from 2017-05...) .
By adding /code/ you 'll allow Jenkins to fetch these merge commit results.
Ca n't access the jenkins user on the server.
Restarting the service also fails as it cannot use the jenkins user that is specified on the server.
I think it may be an issue with jenkins configuration.
/pre/  Jenkins does run when I reboot the machine, but the service fails to start when I try to restart it.
/pre/  I am able to run the story locally without any issue but i want to run a particular story from Jenkins.
I have docker (docker for windows server) and jenkins both running on a windows server 2019 and I am trying to add Docker Host URI in Jenkins but I ran into timeout error or connection refused error all time and cannot connect to docker host.
/pre/  An example of one of the log files being generated by Jenkins/pylint is as follows: .
The issue is related to the /code/ that jenkins uses to run the container.
I have the following snippet of JSON coming back when I request for Jenkins (2.73) last completed build (a regression test job of some sort): .
When I run the Jenkins job where VERSION is NOT selected by the user, the job fails with this error:  .
I am not sure how can I access jenkins master url outside of the server.
The root cause is hidden in the comments, so for clarity posting it as an answer - looks like the problem was that the agent is running on a users laptop and it 's trying to connect on a private IP of the jenkins server running in AWS.
This option will send a request to Jenkins when Pull request is opened .
Users/Shared/Jenkins/tmp/jenkins6366168807637424809.sh: line 2: mvn: command not found     Build step 'Execute shell' marked build as failure     Finished: FAILURE .
Now I am running pytest on a remote test pc initiated Jenkins.
Where I am stuck is how to push those junit xml report back to Jenkins?
also if you have problems installing it as a service, try to start the jenkins initially from cmd opened in administrator mode, then do the above steps.
I 'm having issues with the Jenkins proxy.
I get the error on the from the title on my Manage Jenkins page and tried adding the proxy_pass URL also, but nothing works.
Still, for some Jenkins-only-know reason, it does n't run the build on my master branch now.
I believe the specific error message you 're seeing ("ERROR: Unable to notify JIRA: [401] Unauthorized") is from the "Jira Integration for Jenkins" plugin: /url/ .
I believe this Jenkins plugin is displaying this error message, which is different than the plugin you are probably actually using, which is called the "JIRA plugin".
The "Jira Integration for Jenkins" plugin tries to notify Jira about any builds that complete, which is why you 're seeing the error message.
If you continue to see the error, in Jira try to delete the Jenkins configuration, and re-add the site.
That in turn will update Jenkins with the correct server info.
I want Jenkins to block any merge process without getting approved from pull requests.
I just want Jenkins to access to TFS and read the pull requests results.
Meanwhile, the job hangs forever, Jenkins racks up an Amazon bill, and the console output looks like this: .
I 'm trying to use rsyslog imfile to send logs contained in Jenkins log files to a Graylog server, I added root user to jenkins group but I 've still permissions issues when rsyslog tries to read files.
I also tried to let user jenkins execute the script but he ca n't send back logs to rsyslog, since he has n't the permissions.
When I use it for execution on my local and everything working fine but I face issues when I try to do the same via Jenkins.
I physically connected the testable devices to the Macbook that was being used as a server, and Jenkins build agent.
It 's being called by jenkins and I am getting this error.
/pre/  Then, when the  other jobs that need the simulation are done running (or Jenkins detects a failure), in the post, run: .
/pre/  The only caveat is that if Jenkins somehow dies before the job cleans up, in theory you could have a simulator chewing up resources while waiting for something to happen.
To break it down a little:  With screen, '-S' assigns a title to the session (or addresses a running session with that title), '-d' runs detached, '-m' spawn a fork first (which hides from Jenkins watchful eyes), and -L turns on logging (which is also handy in case something in the simulator breaks - you now have a log file artifact with the output).
Otherwise this worked for me (Jenkins 1.6, build/test node: MacOSX Mojave): .
Without Jenkins all works fine.
But when I build it with Jenkins, I got nothing... no errors, just nothing.
/pre/  where /code/ is /code/ if you want to run the application in your local system or if you want to run it in jenkins then you need the IP address of the selenium-hub server which can be found by running /code/ on jenkins .
I 'm still not sure what the root cause was, it may have been related to the Jenkins user not having read permission to some files, but I resolved it by reinstalling Jenkins.
In your case your your jenkins user doees n't have access permissions to this socket file and thus ca n't communicate to main docker process.
Note: without /code/ it works fine, but other permission errors are seen in the Jenkins Pipeline.
/usr/local/bin/git --version # timeout=10 using GIT_SSH to set credentials XXX JENKINS ssh private key .
jenkins/branch: check if commit could be built successfully and report status back to GitHub .
Having done that action and restarting Jenkins, the startup log in jenkins.err.log was clean with the last line being /code/.
Otherwise this worked for me (Jenkins 1.6, build/test node: MacOSX Mojave): .
Whereas when I am not including Sonar Stage in my Jenkins pipeline project (I mean without Sonar Scan) I am able to launch exe successfully without any runtime issues.
But when I calls same bash script inside Jenkins - Build - Execute shell, it shows me various errors like  .
From what i 've found on the internet for now, it seems that Jenkins uses the exit code of the docker process terminating the container and not the exit code of the script that i 've runned in the container, so I always get a 0 exit code, and my post script "failure" is not executed.
The /code/ fails, but Jenkins still tries to archive the artifacts .
Better to use a FQDN for the server name in the NGINX configuration, then make sure Jenkins is only listening for connections on localhost in the Jenkins.xml configuration.
Jenkins.xml should have listen address set to 127.0.0.1.
Then external requests to that FQDN will not be able to bypass the proxy, as Jenkins will only be allowing connections from localhost (from NGINX, or you playing with the browser on the localhost).
/pre/  I 'm not sure if it is authenticated against LDAP, but even though if it does and my LDAP account does n't have permission to access it (which I think is the case), I do have available a service account we use on Jenkins server to checkout the SVN repo, and I should be able to provide those credentials somehow.
Somehow when I run the same code on jenkins, the chrome browser does n't open on my local machine.
Below error is what I see when I run it on jenkins.
Now in terms how to do this from Jenkins, I would suggest adding an API call within your Jenkins file and isolate the /code/ part of the build and pass or fail the result based on the output of that command.
I am trying send the email notification from jenkins in-case of error in build of a job asper the video link "/url/" and i am unable to do it and the error displayed is : .
I also restarted Jenkins and checked, but still same issue.
Even though Jenkins executed successfully, you do not get it to work as projected owing to a problem in your code.
/pre/  with the above code, nothing is executing on the jenkins box.
The problem was that the failed job was being executed in the slave node, and in the slave node, making a ls in the $JENKINS_HOME folder, there was no /users/foo folder at all.
The problem, in fact, was that the principal and slave nodes in Jenkins server were n't synchronized correctly.
You may have a second problem with CSRF protection if there is one with Jenkins .
What I ca n't get to work is deploying this container through Jenkins.
The problem is the test cases are passing on the local machine level but consistently failing at the Jenkins level.
Here are some things that we have noted that could be causing this: Screen resolution between Jenkins and Local machine is different .
We think of this as the issue bc the screenshot artifacts from the Jenkins machine is showing seemingly different font shapes to the eye; we say shapes bc obviously they are of the same font size, style, etc.
Recently the cert got expired both on Jenkins server (Linux) and IIS server (windows) and we have imported the new certs for both Jenkins and remote slave.
post that it was able to connect when we launch through browser (but pop up with java - /code/  and if we install Jenkins as a service on windows machine it was in starting state (not proceeding with the Running state) and unable to start the Jenkins as slave in logs  i can see this error as following:  .
Since chrome got updated to version 73, My scripts which were working fine on jenkins on for previous versions of chrome, are now stopped working, So if anyone had same issue and able to find solution for that, please share it.
I am using jenkins on centos 7 and building java spring build, here result and build is showing success but I am getting error : .
Failing that, check the Jenkins logs /logs/jenkins.log for errors.
You should find a message  like "jenkins is fully up and running" if OK. .
This process always crashes if it gets a PID > 65535 when output is redirected (for example by Jenkins or CTest).
Although it is completely working fine locally on the Ubuntu machine but whenever I run it through Jenkins it throws me this following error: .
Login to jenkins in /url/ address.
The thing is is that I ca n't restart, because the jenkins slave gets spawned using the plugin, and I 'm not sure how to restart it properly for it to handle the build correctly upon restart.
Basically, how do I get around not restarting the docker service while also providing sudo permissions in order to build dockerfiles inside jenkins slave container?
Then add either the Naginator or Periodic Reincarnation plugin to your Jenkins server to restart a failed build.
Test cases were failing only when we run in Jenkins but locally all the test cases were passing.
I have Jenkins server which has 500+ jobs, suddenly, Jenkins server got rested due to some issue, Now Jenkins still showing "Please wait while Jenkins is getting ready to work", Please provide the solution for that.
No email was sent through Jenkins job while email security setup was done successfully and Jenkins configuration  was set too   the result as follows : .
C:\Manar\Work\JenKins\Java Samples>exit 0  No emails were triggered.
However, when i am running the same steps on my jenkins job using chrome headless browser this time, it throws me elementnotvisible exception.
Environment:Linux  Error: "jenkins Failed to connect to repository : Error performing command: git ls-remote -h" .
/pre/  when i clicked Build Now button on jenkins, build failed with error: .
So the credentials work and Jenkins can connect to the SVN server.
Possibly the literal svn commands are being executed with whatever user Jenkins is running as?
ThermoPower is tested by the OpenModelica team on their Jenkins server for every commit.
pm2 restart index.js when i running this command from my user hamza its updating the content with new pull code but jenkins do command running successfully but not updating it even i tried su in my shell .
Also, I 've added another line changing the jenkins BUILD_ID to a fake one, so it does n't kill it.
That means containers launched from Jenkins are indistinguishable from containers launched directly from the host, and it means that Jenkins can do anything with Docker that you could have done from the host.
I have environment.json file and I want my Jenkins to check the value of Weight Traffic.
We were facing similar (not the same) issues with gitlab and Jenkins and the problem was related with the credentials.
In Jenkins, we created a new global Access token for GitLab (Jenkins Configuration -> Credentials -> System -> New Global access -> Define a gitlab token).
It seems like Jenkins specific issues.
The first issue you are facing is related to Docker, not Jenkins.
Last night a new version of the docker image jenkins/jnlp-slave:alpine was pulled and subsequent to that the jenkins jobs have started reporting permission denied when trying to write to the folder e.g.
: sh: 1: cannot create /home/jenkins/workspace/my-job@tmp/durable-1c5344be/output.txt: Permission denied .
I am newbie in Jenkins so i do n't understand something.
I need to send these files on email using jenkins after zipping these files.
But when I run this using jenkins job then error is getting displayed: .
/pre/  I have added 7zip path in environment variable but still getting this error in jenkins.
Yes it is absolutely possible @Hichem, you can say this is the desired behaviour when you are installing Jenkins on the server.
/pre/  The above will return an error in Jenkins: .
I have a very strange problem regarding getting values from LinkedHashMap in Grovvy when running in Jenkins pipeline.
Jenkins build fails saying it could n't find the path.
Everything runs on Jenkins and the mounted volume is owned by /code/.
I tried to give uid:gid 1000:1000 to the shared folders, which works temporarily, but since the workspace is whiped out on every Jenkins build, the permissions are reassigned.
driver.close() is not working on Jenkins and the whole test will hang for forever.
When I merged code and ask my admin to run the git branch on Jenkins, I always get errors.
Today after every test running 100% pass on my local mac system, on Jenkins I am getting this error (ran 2 times).
/pre/  The Jenkins build job I am trying to run still fails with a certificate error: .
Local works everything fine but when i am deploying it to our test environment via Jenkins it generates all the assets nicely but the Entrypoints.json is not stuffed with the entrypoints informations but with a single (not existing) file.
I want that whenever JobA finishes each build, it should call an endpoint on my web service and post the build data (bascically the same data that I get from calling the Jenkins API: /code/) to the end point of my web service, which accepts a POST requests and JSON payload to update the build details like job name, build number, build result, build url, build duration, timestamp, test results etc.
I 'm running a load test with wrk2 as a job on Jenkins.
hi i configure job in Jenkins and when i tried the download baseline i get the error:  .
I never did figure out how to make this work with CallableStatement, but I did get it working both locally and on Jenkins using Spring SimpleJdbcCall.
I tried to do a job in Jenkins that build after each commit in GitHub, but I received an error like this:  .
Every code from other branch needs to open a pull request that will be merged into develop branch and automatic jenkins build happens and if that succeeds the code gets deployed to certain environment.This code will then get merged into a release branch.
Step3: Host Jenkins using key-store (JKS) file .
You may have question like why we have exported p12 certificate...well, this certificate we are going to import into our browser where we access Jenkins.
I am having an issue with Jenkins build agents seeming to disconnect and fail to run jobs randomly.
I was using jenkins service to launch real browser, but it failed too.
I encountered an error in Jenkins while executing a job named UITestsJob which runs UI tests.
Honestly, something this complex might probably be outside of what Jenkins is supposed to handle but I 'm not sure and figured asking here would be a good start.
Restart the jenkins instance by .
When I build a jenkins job the flask service runs on the server but the jenkins build never finishes and keeps running.
If jenkins is running as a daemon, you could specify active display to connect to and run your browser on it.
And after this jenkins could interract with desktop even when I close the RDP connection but leaving current user 's session alive.
A major caveat is that since it is running on the Jenkins server, restarting docker before running it on the agent is not an option.
A solution that works, because the cron file just gets recreated is to empty jenkins' cronfile, I also changed the ownership, and also made the file immutable.
If your veriFIX is on a users machine, as is often the case, separate from the environment machine Jenkins resides on, there can be difficulties getting the tests to run.
When I execute the command, Jenkins makes an error with all the source("path/example") commands because it does n't find it.
To apply liquibase change from Jenkins to DB service, we need JDBC connection between Jenkins and bosh instance.
Job is successful after restarting the Jenkins server.Jenkins has become too slow  Sometimes Error comes with signal 9 also.
When I want to /code/ some special packages like kernel or grub2 in Jenkins, error like this appears: .
What is the problem in Jenkins?
Lots of log spam in the form of maven-release-plugin updates due to Jenkins .
How can I merge all the changes from branch into master, while excluding those from jenkins (I guess that means skipping all from a particular user or with specified name format) .
One issue that you have in your Dockerfile is that you are copying a file into /code/ which will disappear as /code/ is defined as a volume in the parent Jenkins image and any files you copy into a volume after the volume has been declared are discarded - see /url/ .
Now, if I put that exact command in the /code/ option in Jenkins, it keeps on throwing the following error.
/pre/  However , when i configured this in jenkins , the appium sessions are not getting created , also the cmd which was getting invoked when running without jenkins is not getting invoked.
Background: We 'd like to lock branch for merging while deploy Jenkins job is running .
Since these files are stored locally on the Jenkins machine I guess I need to make some type of http link to the local file so that it can be accessed from the intranet.
If I cancel the TFS Build Definition the Jenkins job is n't cancelled.
Seems a jenkins bug, following works .
I noticed that when launching some Jenkins builds sometimes the node hosting Jenkins get stuck forever.
/pre/  At this time node kubelet reboots and it corresponds to a Jenkins build.
Has anyone else noticed for each build that used Git, Jenkins would list a git revision hash which was a long alphanumeric string to uniquely identify in git the code revision it was built from is now missing?
I ran into this issue and it turned out the problem was that the jenkins service was n't being run as the jenkins user.
So running the commands as the jenkins user worked just fine.
While uploading an application with curl throught nginx as a reverse proxy on a jenkins pipeline, I got a weird behavior where I do n't get any consistent return value.
When I make the request on the bash of the jenkins server, the request works as expected (the return take his time to arrive, but he arrive).
Maybe some of your jobs do n't get executed on the Jenkins Master, but on some connected Node (via an /code/ directive within your Jenkinsfile or Pipeline description).
Your remote machine key is not known by Jenkins.
While I can clearly understand that running scripts in the Jenkins master 's script console has to require admin permissions I 'd like to have the possibility to grant access to the build agent script console to non-admins.
When I merged code and ask my admin to run the git branch on Jenkins, I always get errors.
Today after every test running 100% pass on my local Mac system, ran on Jenkins(RH Linux box) I am getting this error (ran 2 times).
Now, the problem is when I pushed a new change in this newly migrated git repository, the jenkins job is building all the old commits and running them sequentially.
I only wanted the jenkins job to trigger for my most recently pushed code and not all the old commits.
For formatting the recipient email ids I am using a pre-send script in groovy which is successfully compiling when the jenkins security is disabled.
On both machines Jenkins is installed as a service and the slave is configured to be taken offline after 300 minutes of inactivity.
Jenkins master is up and running, all tests were executed on this machine.
Jenkins slave windows service is stopped.
The last lines in jenkins-slave.err.log are: .
Jenkins tells me as well that my token was /code/.
/pre/  Although, still not sure why I got that console output in Jenkins.. .
Also in /usr/logs/jenkins/jenkins.log file, shows following logs .
But when I download the same jar from Jenkins to my local machine and when I try to import the jar to my local AnyPoint studio, it is not happening and throwing the below error.
All test cases are running locally or throwing an error but behavior on Jenkins is totally different.
On Jenkins, I am running the following error more frequently: .
error on Jenkins log.
Note: I cannot access to Jenkins server so not able to do anything there.
I need to fail one Jenkins pipeline stage when one file contains 'errors' I do not know how to return an error from bash to Jenkins .
I am able to view my screenshot for failed test cases in a local machine, but not in Jenkins.
Idea is to check for new commits &amp; read the files impacted, if the impacts are only on .xml or .txt -> "Do Nothing", otherwise i must trigger a jenkins job to build the branch.
/pre/  1- I do n't have idea which command should be used in Jenkins to trigger the job only for failed scenarios.
After my last commit of an angular frontend was build successful by jenkins and installed on the production server just shows a blank page after visiting the site and the dev console shows the error: .
/pre/  At first Jenkins will send some security errors that you can fix (AT your own risk) by going to Manage Jenkins -> In Process Script Approval -> Approve .
Excel is already saved in 97-2003 format(i know i am using JXL which does not support XLSX)  and working fine in local machine using eclipse but error is coming while running it from Jenkins.
When the jenkins job runs, when it executes this line in Jenkinsfile - /code/  , it checks for the pom.xml file and fails.
/pre/  Doing echo $JENKINS_HOME print the correct path on terminal but yet the jenkins installation seems to ignore it.
When I build it locally, it works fine, when I build it through jenkins I get an error.
Additionally cross check firewall’s related issue on jenkins’s slave machine.
For me it was failing on the timeouts on Jenkins builds, and was fine locally, see the following Chrome options that helped me to overcome that issue (ChromeDriver at this time: version - 73.0.3683.68): .
The issue is that when I trigger the build manually, Jenkins is trying to pull a /code/ branch (since the env variable does n't exist).
Jenkins console output trail message says "ANALYSIS SUCCESSFUL" however accessing the link /url/ returns "Insufficient Privileges" with error messages as below, Is there an access issue?
Given the sensitivity of these files I would rather store the files as a variable not unlike how get-content works so no one on the Jenkins slave would be able to see its content or undelete temp files.
This is inconsistent behavior, I am getting random results with both Jenkins and GitLab-runner.
You must try these commands to restart your Jenkins and make the port modification works.
After executed the change on jenkins-lts.plist file: .
I understand that this is a cert/key pair that is used to authenticate to a docker host, but I 'm not finding information about how jenkins connects to the docker host.
/pre/  However when this is run in Jenkins (I should mention I 'm currently testing using a local Jenkins instance in a docker container) the Dockerfile builds successfully but when Jenkins attempts to run the step I get the following output: .
/pre/  The problem appears to be with this line: /code/ there is no user with UID 1000 on the container built by the Dockerfile, commands are run by root and therefore with the directory change to /code/ the "user" that jenkins specifies has no access to the files.
/pre/  Afterwards I make sure that the permissions are reseted so that docker save is working again and the workspace can be whiped out by the next jenkins build .
Problem accessing /proxy/jenkins/job/freestyle1/configSubmit.
I am following the link : /url/ Though this link works well without the Jenkins pipeline in my local(Windows), but when I try to run the same setup in Jenkins(Linux machine), I am getting the following error : .
I 've also looked at the Jenkins logs, which hold this as a possible culprit: .
The SSH connection fails but Jenkins still marks the build as success.
I resolved the issue with the SSH connection but I am worried Jenkins will mark other builds as success even when there are errors.
When I ssh to the Jenkins master server (which is I 'm guessing where the git ls-remote command is being run from) I can run /code/ just fine and I get the list of branches.
Jenkins can sometimes skip errors and mark builds as success.
That way, you will have more control over what Jenkins can treat as failure and what it can ignore.
Once you have the rules in place, Jenkins will mark the build as a failure if the keyword appears in the logs in the future.
The problem was the file name for my job in Jenkins was named 'jenkinsapi.py'.
I renamed the file in Jenkins to something else and there error is no longer occurring.
I doubt deleting the workspace is necessary but I added it to just make sure the /code/ file I 'm getting is the artifact in case Jenkins decided it did n't want to overwrite the file or something.
/pre/  If I include root dir, it never works from Jenkins.
Currently, it 's working fine on windows environment but when I ran my jobs through Jenkins then all jobs are failed due to this folder(resources) is n't available.
The error I get in the Jenkins console shows .
cv2.error: OpenCV(3.4.2-openvino_2018_R2.0.0) /home/jenkins/workspace/OpenCV/OpenVINO/build/opencv/modules/dnn/src/op_inf_engine.cpp:416: error: (-215:Assertion failed) Failed to initialize Inference Engine backend: Input blob size is not equal network input size (50176!=150528).
I think I 'm missing something in "Access-Control-Allow-Headers" from Jenkins end.
Test ll work on chrome node jenkins-openshift.
After a test push is sent I receive /code/ from jenkins and I do see in logs that scanning the branches has started and detected the changes correctly.
/pre/  I 'm 100% sure that this not a problem with communication between my jenkins instance and gitlab account.
It seems that after upgrading jenkins to v.2.164.1 it all started working correctly.
I 've tried escaping double quotes and etc., but nothing seems to work on Jenkins.
we do have a strange problem, that our jenkins view url is corrupted.
This is a common problem when making changes to secure Jenkins.
Ofcourse, make sure to make a backup before changing this as the whole security configuration will be erased after you restart Jenkins .
I have the selenium test case where I have to check the text present on the webpage and I am running this case on Jenkins but test case is getting failed.so I came with the solution need of running the chrome in headless mode.i have installed Xvfb and configured with build in Jenkins then also the test case is getting failed in Jenkins.
Everything works fine in eclipse but while buillding the same on jenkins, it is failing?
/pre/     error on jenkins build, it says null pointer exception .
But once application is started on the JBOSS server, jenkins jobs is always in running mode .
following are the below jenkins and error details : WARN: No report was found for sonar.python.coverage.reportPaths using pattern coverage-reports/coverage.xml .
We are using Jenkins+Cypress+Chrome to do automation test.On MacOS,it works well;but when I move the codes to win10,I must modify codes to adapt win10，and I have to solve bugs that never happened on Mac OS.
I would like to send a total report email ( From Jenkins )  .
But on jenkins, It just show the below console without launching a browser .
Using Jenkins I am sending that CSV file as a mail.
When I try to run the android project on jenkins, am getting this error.
I think Jenkins ca n't redeploy the same application , what is the reason ?
We have several test systems that previously had the problem that start the Jenkins Jobs simultaneously.
I have installed Jenkins several times, it opens in Safari (I do n't know why, my default browser is chrome...) and asks me for a password in "jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword" I introduce it and everything works perfectly.
Is this a bug within Jenkins or am I misunderstanding what the dir() directive is used for?
This is likely a bug in the Jenkins plugin.
my login test is getting failed in jenkins and running correctly on eclipse and command .i think the jenkins is not able to interact with username, password field and submit.
I want jenkins build to run only on the release I created even if the release is 'n' commits behind the master.
Note that Jenkins will not have access to the instance that host the docker container.
When building my application on Jenkins using maven I am seeing the following error after running: .
** [ERROR] COMPILATION ERROR :    [ERROR] error reading /apps/jenkins/workspace/some_branch/.m2/com.some_company/any_random.jar; zip file is empty    [ERROR] cannot access com.some_company.some_class   cannot access cannot access com.some_company.some_class zip END header not found   cannot access jar .
for couple of days I am facing an issue with pushing image from jenkins to ECR and restart service.
/pre/  happened for me when I had incorrectly configured a value for the Java property /code/ as the same port number as the HTTP port used by Jenkins.
As soon as I assigned another value to /code/ (like 50000) and restarted Jenkins, my JNLP agents were able to connect.
Im using docker to start jenkins server, so i tried to execute a job that require to pull from github but it 's cannot resolve any host names (github.com,....), this is the error message :  .
I am trying to get slave name on which jenkins pipeline job is executed via API.
I have a Jenkins pipeline job that gets triggered once a merge request is created in gitlab.
This is mounting a rootfs which we build in, if I do this step manually it is bringing me to a sh prompt where I can run another script to do the actual build, but Jenkins just hangs forever at this point.
/pre/  If you are trying to access the html report from jenkins then make sure to run the below line in jenkins console.
As suspected, the issue was with my Jenkins configuration (because everything worked fine locally).
Found in log file: Error: Unable to access jarfile C:\Jenkins\jenkins.war .
Restarted Jenkins services, waited 30 seconds and it was now working .
Hi I have a problem setting bitbucket hook in order to start a Jenkins trigger.
But when I push on master branch I see the bitbucket-hook POST in my ngrok console but jenkins does n't fire.
I already created the keys (no passphrase), added the public key to the BitBucket server and the private key to Jenkins 's credentials.
My project 's code is pulled successfully with those same SSH keys (internally, Jenkins uses GIT_SSH), but pip does n't know to pass them on to the server for authentication (the log shows: /code/) .
Why does it work when i am inside the container, and not when I am running it from the jenkins ui.
/pre/  When we triggered a build based on the pipeline metioned above, we found that Jenkins might not recognized the /code/ which leads to the following errors: .
I got this error in Jenkins when I run a pipeline that access Azure agents.
Some of these resources are used by jenkins in order to have the server running etc which means I dont have all of the resources available.
I 'm using Go 1.12.1 both on my local machine and Jenkins server.
To create a var file I use the command jar -cvf projectname.war * In the Jenkins console I get an error:  Started by GitLab push by Mishchenko.V Running in Durability level: MAX_SURVIVABILITY org.codehaus.groovy.control.MultipleCompilationErrorsException: startup failed: WorkflowScript: 36: expecting '}', found 'projectname' @ line 36, column 26.  jar -cvf projectname.war *   .
So I found out this is a Jenkins related issue.
I have tried to upload a file via IN jenkins configuration -  Gemeral -> file is parameterized -> file parameter -> send location .
The problem is that Jenkins starts this job even when pull request from /code/ to /code/ branch is created.
I have an issue with Groovy\Jenkins when trying to copy files .
if this is the case, changes is not reflected for the Jenkins server.
But when I log in with jenkins account and do the same things as listed above, it works.
But the real issue is that when configuring Jenkins with GlassFish, Jenkins does n't offer an input field for GlassFish Domain.
I used it for testing in Jenkins pipeline, the test misses the am/pm input.
/pre/  Can anyone just tell me how can I perform this task in Jenkins?
But I am still confused about /code/, why Jenkins has /code/, but execute shell in another working directory ?
/pre/  I expect the 200 OK HTTP CODE, but the actual output is 403 FORBIDDEN HTTP CODE from Jenkins with this body --> Authentication required - You are authenticated as: anonymous .
When I hit the 'Save &amp; run' button, Jenkins BO pipeline starts running, but fails with this: .
I have problem in Jenkins apart from scheduled mails we are receiving mails from instance when team executing the code in local can any one suggest how can i stop receiving mails apart from schedules once?
When I am running the Jenkins job, the build is getting "Success", but it is not showing the outputs from the script.
If it has been 15 min after last build was/had been triggered/finished and Jenkins receives a new push event, a build will be triggered immediately.
/pre/  yet a build will still be triggered if Jenkins receives a push event within 15 min.
Private keys are saved as credentials in Jenkins .
When I run the playbook through Jenkins, I get the following error: .
Could it be something to do with the account that Jenkins uses ca n't somehow find the winrm module, yet if I run the same command under my account, it finds it ok ?
The /code/ is somewhere outside of jenkins workspace, while I am using below, it works fine: .
/pre/  I am not too sure why, but I do n't prefer to use /code/ because it will create a temp folder /code/, but never clean up after Jenkins job finished.
This will enable me to do everything within my application, from creating the changes, pushing to git and finally deploying it on jenkins and seeing the console output without actually going to jenkins and doing it manually.
we use a specific commit messages when Jenkins commit changes skip ci.
/pre/  I think you are trying to access the wrong Jenkins URL.
/pre/  The problem is when I execute the job on Jenkins I receive an error message: .
Is there anyway to either make Lint be able to fire those warnings, or make Jenkins be able to run this "Inspect Code", collect results and break build when necessary?
The reason for this is that Jenkins returns the error 403 (FORBIDDEN) when you 're not logged in but HttpClient expects the error 401 (UNAUTHORIZED) in /url/.
Therefore, HttpClient never notices that Jenkins is asking for the password.
Hello I 'm new to jenkins and getting this issue.
We are trying to transfer the data(files) my local machine to server machine(target folder).we have installed "Publish over SSH" Plugin in the Jenkins.here there are some properties like (PassPhrase, Path to key, key and SSH server details(Name,username,host name, Remote directory etc.
by doing this you´re changing jenkins localhost port from 8080 to 8081 avoiding any conflits.
Although it is not error related, but I found the console of Jenkins output look like this  /url/ .
But, When I restart Jenkins, All Roles and the User assignment (permissions) is lost.
I am assigned a task to auto report defect to jira from jenkins against failed cases.
I 'm totaly new to Jenkins and I have an issue with coverage.xml.
In addition, I clone pom.xml from remote, so I 'm not able to insert any changes in it before Jenkins job commence.
Giving Jenkins the path  "C:\Users\user\AppData\Local\QtMsBuild" as parameter does not changed anything.
For some reason since adding /code/@3.0.9 my jenkins build job fails on the step: /code/ .
It seems that jenkins cannot work with VBS, so I tried running telnet using python but for some reason it fails by closing the connection after few seconds.
Jenkins is giving error as below: .
SEVERE: Failed to load /var/lib/jenkins/users/_8091046147827138160/config.xml   java.io.IOException: Unable to read /var/lib/jenkins/users/_8091046147827138160/config.xml   ...   ...
What we see is that when jenkins is upgraded then jobs where CVS access was working now do not work :-( .
I got a very similar error when my Jenkins agent was running Java 11 instead of Java 8.
I want to compile then so I can validate the files before committing or uploading to Jenkins.
Then run them all, back to back in a CI/CD pipeline; like Jenkins prior to deployment of changes.
I can access this on execute shell just fine using /code/ in jenkins but if I try to access them on shell for remote host, they are n't accessible.
The Jenkins community found my error: .
/pre/  Ideally Jenkins would launch when we merge into master, however we want it to only run on the changed/new file to prevent deleting instances and trying to build 50+ servers.
I modified the Jenkins Script and it 's working pretty good, the only problem is that I ca n't catch up the ErrorLevel.
I 'm trying to resolve the following exception thrown in my Jenkins build from a unit test for overriding Spring Boot 's logback configuration.
I developed some code in Eclipse, tested it successfully, pushed it to our Jenkins CI server, and got an email that Maven was choking with a Java compile error.
i have build job in jenkins and i want to parse some of the text from output and save only that part in an external txt file.
/pre/  But I get this error FATAL: The Gradle wrapper has not been found in these directories: /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/JenkinsTaskName/yurora/wos.
As /url/, fixing the second problem means running the Jenkins Docker container so it shares the Docker daemon socket with the Docker daemon that is outside the container.
The only fix I 'm aware of is to run the Agent with the Jenkins UID and the Docker GID (the socket has group write permission and is owned by /code/).
After removing the wildcard, that fails now, so the host will then properly interpret updates.jenkins.io, as updates.jenkins.io.
Setting up Jenkins on an as400 is n't that difficult at all using the apache WebSphere application server which is an option that can be used to host WAR files, to put it simply (it can do a lot more than that though :P).
If you absolutely have to update the timestamp on the result file, you 'll have to open a terminal session, go to the project workspace (with jenkins user) and try to run /code/ and then debug it from there.
/pre/  Code coverage report is generated successfully and saved to /code/ folder like this (from Jenkins console output): .
Running /code/ (debug mode) shows this error (Jenkins console log): .
I am trying to script in groovy for jenkins pipeline job to capture any string for failures in taskdef in ECS and then based on that either update the service or recreate it.
But while running locally everything fine, On Jenkins only getting this issue.
/pre/  Jenkins error .
My aim is to run the selenium login test case on Jenkins.
also, I am not getting the clear error message on Jenkins for what is the exact error .
With the volume 's files having permissions 777 Nginx and PHP can read, write and execute the files but as soon as I trigger a build in Jenkins which updates files in the volume.
How can I have Nginx, PHP-FPM and Jenkins use the same user to read, write and execute files in that volume?
We view the results from Jenkins, so if we could "fail" the test, we would be more likely to spot the issue.
I 'm not able to get the code coverage report in Jenkins for my .net web Api solution even after adding run settings file.
ERROR: for docker-compose_geosolschmea_1  Cannot start service   geosolschmea: driver failed programming external connectivity on   endpoint docker-compose_geosolschmea_1   (3c0302743b124c050334b9ca3fcd3c9b01a0bcfaa1d629d74f7311cb09a58833):   Error starting userland proxy: mkdir   /port/tcp:0.0.0.0:3306:tcp:172.18.0.2:3306: inpuStarting   docker-compose_jenkins_1      ... error .
ERROR: for docker-compose_jenkins_1  Cannot start service jenkins:   driver failed programming external connectivity on endpoint   docker-compose_jenkins_1   (fa039afd6930afba9843b89295e1bbeab32102679964780f867df1cd13282fe0):   Error starting userland proxy: mkdir   /port/tcp:0.0.0.0:8888:tcp:172.18.0.3:8080: input/output error .
As /code/ uses /code/ for logging propose, I want to write a custom logger which can redirect all logging output of /code/ to Jenkins logging callback.
I am trying to run my automation tests from Jenkins CI server , but the browser crashes instantly with the error below.
Now when I am running the same test from the eclipse , everything works just fine.when i tries to run from jenkins then jenkins unable to execute the test cases I run the exact same test file, in the exact same direc.
Is it possible to save the console output of the Jenkins build to a variable and put it to a JIRA comment?
So, for some reason this does n't work without jenkins restart.
Re-install the Jenkins instance on same or another node with the same configurations of the instance which failed    .
Use host machine public IP address to access webserver in Jenkins docker container.
I am trying to upload a dummy file to artifactory via jenkins and its failing with below error .
Jfrog artifactory working fine but Jenkins getting killed automatically.
i am assuming because of this only jenkins getting killed automatically.
When building project on Jenkins this error is thrown: .
Jenkins JVM memory can be increased by editing the Jenkins.xml file on the Jenkins server, using the same -Xmx method.
I 'm trying to clone only the last commit but get the following error in the jenkins job:  .
But on Jenkins I get an error: .
im trying to test my java project in jenkins execution /code/ command,  but i got this error message :  .
Please refer to /var/jenkins_home/workspace/test1/target/surefire-reports for the individual test results.
/pre/  it 's work fine in my local computer, but on jenkins server !!
On clicking /code/ button, jenkins throws error: .
/pre/  When I try to deploy to kubernetes from jenkins, I get this error .
The problem being that when a server does fail in the play recap, jenkins give the following error.
/pre/  As the result: testNG tests run ok, allure report is generate, but when I run jUnit tests I have next problem when jenkins try to create report: .
I am able to delete failed jenkins build by: .
from jenkins logs i found out following failure .
/pre/  and its properly printing the integer in email content of jenkins but when I give it in robot command (which is on execute shell in jenkins), it does not print any value.
Auth works using Jenkins token and header Content-type:application/json is used.
/pre/  For more information about the Jenkins Content Security Policy, see the /url/.
Good Day all those who see this, I have a Jenkins Server in Prod that I am running.
Currently it is running on a Service Account called .\Jenkins.
My domain will not allow me to run local service accounts, so when either the server is rebooted, or Jenkins is restarted, I lose the service and have to log in and manually reset it.
I have also faced same issue of jenkins-proxy-407-error .
But run in Jenkins, the Documents.Open() call returns null .
/pre/  I expect it to behave in Jenkins as it does from Command Prompt: open the file successfully and allow the operations -- not hang or return null.
I am having jenkin job which will trigger java jar contains code to read the email from excel and the same email to be passed in jenkins for sending email in username  field.
Think it was a some kind of bug with Jenkins and security plugin, because I have never met this behavior before.
Restarted my Jenkins instance (machine).
But when i am running it through Jenkins, its failing while capturing screenshot and showing below error.
I make a test: - create testing repo - add file and commit it - add 2nd file and commit it - Jenkins builds and in logs is message about checkout from first commit not 2nd one - manually rebuild on Jenkins gives checkout from last commit .
I have the Build Failure Analyzer plugin installed in my Jenkins instance, and I have a number of different failures entered into the plugin.
I have installed local Jenkins and trying to trigger tests through gradle build, but the tests do n't actually gets triggered and the job keeps running endlessly.
/pre/  I expect selenium tests to be triggered from Jenkins and chrome to launch,  like how it happens when I run from CLI.
/pre/  This passes in the URL when triggered from jenkins or assign /code/ when not triggered from jenkins.
Still Jenkins keeps hanging on the fastlane match command.
My target is to get the timestamp of last triggered build for all the jobs in jenkins from all the folders.
I do n't think you can do exactly what you 're asking for, but if you want to integrate PHPUnit with a continuous integration server (for example, Jenkins), then you can spawn a JUnit-compatible report with warnings reported as errors instead and tell Jenkins to use that instead of PHPUnit report.
/pre/  Finally, go to Jenkins settings and add a JUnit job specifying the location of output file.
If that, try stop jenkins, clear /tmp dir and kill all pids started with jenkins user.
/tmp/jenkins7355151386125740055.sh: 2:   /tmp/jenkins7355151386125740055.sh: docker-compose: not found Build   step 'Execute shell' marked build as failure Finished: FAILURE .
We have to provide Jenkins server detail.
But jenkins says that the file is missing.
 Did you check the jenkins log for errors?
However, Jenkins did not accept this line and keep writing the following error to the console output: .
I ran into this problem as well for my Jenkins file that is a groovy script, and this is what helped me get rid of the EOL / CR characters at the end of the value I wanted to use: .
/pre/  But I think it 's not done for Jenkins Descriptive pipeline files, because when I try to run it, I get this: .
This is more or less a problem caused by /code/ constructor + Jenkins sandbox Groovy mode.
/pre/  When running this pipeline on Jenkins, I get the below error.
changed the following in Jenkins' config.xml file to, and restarted the service - but still get the error: .
Unit tests are passing and showing the code coverage report in my local machine but the same solution when built in Jenkins console is showing 0% code coverage in table format.
Even the code coverage report has 1kb file is generated in the jenkins server workspace.
For my case, we used jenkins to release the app, if the cloud still using old xcode and os, the .ipa will still crash.
I am aware of some issues with running Chrome 73 from Jenkins.
I think that the problem would be that user jenkins cannot run docker commands.
Unlock Jenkins To ensure Jenkins is securely set up by the   administrator, a password has been written to the log (not sure where   to find it?)
I tried temporarily turning off security based on /url/ but the "useSecurity" tag in config.xml gets reset to "true" every time I restart Jenkins.
We are executing our selenium automation script using jenkins window service(Headless mode) on daily basis .it was working fine till yesterday.
I am expecting the browser should launch in the background when we execute using jenkins as windows service but getting error message.
We checked the Jenkins server, network, etc, and all are good.
/pre/  But I get: /code/ and i do n't have permissions to change the Jenkins configuration.
I currently got this error when building with jenkins .
Is there anything I can do to make Jenkins pass this error?
i am running BDD cucumber test via jenkins in slave node windows machine for IE browser.
I am using jenkins for our test framework, we have observed sometimes jenkins job get disconnected and get the error as  .
I have searched on this issue on jenkins portal, got some hints as this issue is because of heavy load on swarm client.
It seems to be something with Jenkins itself.
I also find it strange that in the metrics plugin /url/ all "jenkins.queue..." metrics seems to pertain to blocked state.
The way I 'm testing this: I have a Jenkins job that will clone the repo and do a hard clean: running xcodebuild clean and deleting the build directory and and derived data directory by hand just in case.
1.When you added your jenkins file to master, committed it and checked out branchone, the jenkins file would not have been there as you already have committed it to master.
Satge 3 - back to shell, no credentials provided from jenkins, so the context is slave/local jenkins user.
Upon running the Jenkins Maven job, I see that that it does not show any browser window launching.
The last piece of info that is shown in Jenkins is: .
Observed below error while running /code/ tests in Jenkins "Test Results Analyzer" Plugin.
It gives an error somewhere during the Jenkins build process.
I am using the Copy to Slave plugin for Jenkins, I want to copy some artifacts back the the master node workspace.
What could be the root cause for this behavior of Jenkins?
If you still have differences: Check all the profiles in pom.xml(s) maybe there are some profiles running on the Operating System that jenkins runs on.
Another possible reason: before running maven, jenkins probably checks out the code from repository (GIT, SVN or whatever) - so check the the "starting" codebase is ok and matches the codebase that you have locally .
How can I force Jenkins that it will execute and look for all files into ProjectA?
You should remove everything from the /tmp folder, stop jenkins, check cron process and remove the ones that seem suspicious, restart the VM.
Even if we are making one of the developer 's OSX machine as Jenkins agent, we ca n't guarantee that developer 's OSX machine will be always connected to Jenkins master.
After saving Jenkins but does not start.Does any of you have another idea or could tell me what I 'm doing wrong?
The usage for "get-plugins-info" and the "-p" parameter in the update command is to pass currently installed plugin info to JJB in cases where a system administrator does not want to all JJB "administrator" access permissions in Jenkins to "query" plugin info during the update run.
How to configure a jenkins job so that the job logs into ubuntu machine or in that case any remote machine and start executing the test?
I need to write a csv file from a large json file on a jenkins slave using groovy.
I am getting the following error while launching a build in Jenkins: .
Please find below output console on Jenkins :  .
/pre/  FI: The "git fetch --no-tags --progress /url/ +refs/heads/master:refs/remotes/origin/master" command is a success when performed from the slave jenkins node.
Restart command : Suppose if your Jenkins url is /url/ , then restart using this url-  /url/ .
(Add restart or safeRestart to your Jenkins url) .
The problem is that Jenkins try to run them almost all at once hence I get an explosion of Selenium Google Chrome browsers trying to pop up all at once.
However on the new machine, we re-did the setup of Jenkins and if you run the build, it will try to start all the Selenium browsers all at once and most browsers ended up being unresponsive.
How can I get Jenkins to transmit the git branch name of the current build to qTest to have it displayed in the list of tests?
Getting a Jenkins pipeline to use Docker containers for the Jenkins Agents, and for the builds to share a Maven local repository, is tricky because there are two problems to solve: sharing the local repository files, and ensuring the files have usable permissions.
A complication to fixing that permissions problem is that Jenkins will /code/ your image using the Jenkins UID, and you can not know what that UID will be.
I faced this error while i was trying to call source command from #Jenkins execute shell.
How can I get rid of this /jenkins/ in my url?
How can it access the file on the Jenkins host?
I 'm running pytest with /code/ so jenkins can list out the failed tests, but the file it generates includes all the logging as well, at the debug level.
The file is getting so big jenkins runs are failing because of failure to publish the file.
After updating macOS to Mojave (10.14.4), my Mac was restarted and upon opening Jenkins (at localhost:8080) it appeared that I 've lost all my jobs and the entire system configurations.
Looking through here on StackOverFlow, there were suggestions to check the JENKINS_HOME variable to find out where the jobs are saved on the disk, but when I typed export $JENKINS_HOME I just get an empty response.
However, this documentation neither describes on how to use the variable within the jenkins environment, nor what 'encrypted' password means (How to encrypt?).
Not sure why this is happening but in Jenkins, I get this error message: .
I have a Selenium test which would fail when run as part of a Jenkins job on a node hosted in vSphere and administered through RDP.
However, I am noticing that my Jenkins builds are working fine (picking up push events, triggering builds) as branches, but after a pull request is issued, my branch build gets disabled in the /code/ tab of my project.
Answering my own question as I did eventually find a resolution to both this and to successfully using Kerberos authentication (after a fashion) with Jenkins Pipeline in part of our build process.
/pre/  jenkins.queue.blocked means that the number of jobs that are blocked by Jenkins.
/pre/  However, running docker commands ,eg , /code/ ,  in the jenkins-slave pod runs into permission issues .
Tried running tests from tfs source control tried running tests from local tests copied to jenkins workspace.
tried running headless tests (locally works, Jenkins does not)/url/ .
/pre/  I would expect my tests to run in jenkins normally and give me a detailed report if it passed or failed in the ui./url/ .
I need to place the compose file in the deployment server(s) which are not under Jenkins control, allowing perhaps some daemon to process it, as Docker images are already uploaded to Docker repo.
I have root access to the deployment servers, ssh credentials are in Jenkins, and I am able to install things on the deployment servers.
I have an xml file(basically the file is a jenkins slave config.xml file) from where i have to get certain values.
The job has been completely deleted on Jenkins.
I, at first, suspected it was simply cached, but restarting the jenkins machine did not resolve it.
/pre/  Then you will find this pdf file as output in jenkins workspace.
After configuring https, Jenkins auto build triggering is not happening even after changing the post-receive webhooks url to HTTPS as follows.
Please note we have empty POLL SCM enabled inside Jenkins job.
Inside Jenkins job, Git-Polling log is able to find the commit changes but not triggering the jobs.
Under Jenkins Master logs, found that the branch indexing is happening but not triggering the job.
I got a error message in jenkins console output &amp; I want to report-mail to that person who committed the code?
But how do I find him in jenkins console output?
We added a lot of data to prod (gzip dump went from 2gig to 15gig) and all of the sudden my jenkins jobs started failing.
/pre/  From the jenkins.log there is something on file descriptors but not sure how that is related.
I had a Selenium test which would fail when run as part of a Jenkins job on a node hosted in vSphere and administered through RDP.
Not sure how you implemented your job but when I configured Jenkins it worked as expected.
Need help on how to parameterize feature file test data in Jenkins.
/pre/  It appears that Jenkins does n't know this latter slave is a Windows machine, causing it run /code/ instead of /code/.
Do you have any idea why Jenkins fails to recognize this as a Windows machine?
if the following does not work, update your jenkins server and plugins .
However, when I set up jenkins to do it I get the following error: .
The IT pass in my local BUT some case failed in jenkins server, the error is .
How are these files consumed if i were to just stick with Jenkins??
My expectaion is to Generate a dashboard with possible successful and failures and not the complete console.log output in Jenkins .
i read a prop file from local like: def props = readProperties  file:  'dir/my.properties' and in jenkins file, i want access the key/value from this file,so i do: .
The agent is instantiated, invoked, and authentication succeeds, but the launch of the agent on the slave fails with the following error (which I get from Jenkins > Nodes > my_node_id > See log for more details):   .
To be clear this setup was working as a insecure private registry that jenkins could push to.
I 've added my username and password to Jenkins credentials for /code/ and saved it with the id of /code/ .
When I am using SonarQube 6.7, I 'm able to publish jest unit test cases report to SonarQube successfully through Jenkins.
/pre/  I was getting the error only when i was running tests on Jenkins (tests were running fine on my local development machine) which i found rather odd.
Then, I hit this /url/ and upgrading the Jenkins DurableTask plugin resolved the issue for me.
I am using bitbucket as repository and doing polling from my Jenkins Pipeline,  Now I want full path of affected file so I put custom logic but I am getting only file name instead of absolute path.
It works correctly when I run it on eclipse, but when I build it on jenkins it gives the below error  .
I understand that for Jenkins, it requires that all variables need to be serialized, but I am running into an issue and I do not understand why.
Does anyone know how to build Jenkins when all the pipeline dependency fail?
But now, when selenium server starts the tests, Jenkins stalls and outputs the following error messages: .
/pre/  And the Output in the Jenkins Console Output is: (I cleaned it a little bit up….)
I created a Jenkins pipeline job and calling the python file as below its throwing Connection Timeout error.
If I do a /code/ in same Jenkins file I am getting the output.
we use Jenkins to build Docker images and everything was find until last week when every time I try to build an image in Jenkins it fails with "Error response from daemon: Error processing tar file(exit status 1): write /app/node_modules/acorn/dist/acorn_loose.es.js: no space left on device" (the file it fails on can depend on the project).
I have a problem with files syncing in Jenkins using P4 plugin.
My Jenkins server is having more than 100 jobs and all of them are checked into source control as a Jenkinsfile.
As mentioned by @Brandon, it was related to resource limits applied to my Jenkins slaves.
This occurs after rebooting a recently upgraded Jenkins server.
What I ended up doing was using a second computer (running Windows) and schedule a task on that computer that every night (before the Jenkins-job starts) opens an RDP-session to the computer running Jenkins.
Below is the error message i am seeing when running through jenkins pipeline .
Google Chrome is started, TASK MANAGER shows multiple instances of Chrome running (larger than usual number of instances when Chrome is Triggered through Jenkins).
Started by user Automation Tester Building in workspace D:\Code Backup\Code\General Revenue Content [XXXXXXXXXX Content] $ cmd /c call C:\Users\a39974p\AppData\Local\Temp\jenkins8618745924723016687.bat .
Just set the /code/ of the slave node configuration on jenkins server to a new path, and remoting will take care of the rest.. but, the issue seem to reoccur now and then.
Hi I 've made an jenkins update on my debian mashine.
Getting below error when I execute the script through jenkins.
After further investigation, I found that the curl command returns the wrong response from the service when running the scripts within a Jenkins Pipeline job.
Apparrently this is an error in an older version of Jenkins, try updating jenkins: /url/ .
Expected result is to download the DLL or deploy via Jenkins and have a normal operations without being blocked having without having to do further actions since sometimes non experts have to install DLL manually .
But when I build the job the 3 stage waitForQualityGate() is not returning ok status back to jenkins rather it shows Checking status of SonarQube task 'AWrQj5In7abK9JVZ9' on server  'sonarqube' SonarQube task 'AWrQj5In7abK9JVZ9' status is 'IN_PROGRESS' .
Can the jenkins process user write to it and all dirs/files below?
Are there ways to capture the command execution error under Build Environment tab in Execution command in jenkins even if the Console output displays as success?
We have this configured to deploy on other servers which use the Jenkins service account to deploy and it 's running as it 's supposed to, but for this one server we 're getting the following permissions error: .
The Jenkins service account and the app pool account has full permissions to the inetpub directory and we even added it to the administrators group (even though it 's not added to the admin group on the other servers that do work) and we still get the same error.
But if I run another build using Web Deploy on another server and the same Jenkins slave it functions as it should.
I try to configure docker + jenkins to build an android application but every time I get an error.
The issue is when I kick off a build in Jenkins, I get the the following error .
Build on Jenkins is hanging while getting the following error when running gui tests:  .
Why am I getting this error on Jenkins?
Update: turns out the problem is not related to the Jenkins agent but to CMake.
In jenkins pipeline, I want to /code/ all of them, but I am only interested in tracking changes, and polling from the main repository - others clutter the changelog and cause other infrastructure problems (it 's a big project).
However, this fails when the deployed into jenkins.
/pre/  The code should deploy successfully on Jenkins, however, evening installing it locally on node_module does n't work.
I can confirm with /code/ that both the jenkins and nexus container are running and that the nexus container is listening on TCP 8081.
If i try to build the docker image inside or outside of jenkins, I always get this:  .
I need to copy that file to the  directory of (/opt/user2/temp) via jenkins.
But after updating Jenkins to a new version, when I try to reach my Jenkins web application, I get this error: "502 Bad Gateway - nginx/1.14.0 (Ubuntu)" .
From there you can get to many of the Jenkins internals.
I just tested this with a jenkins:latest image and it worked both ways for me.
I was having the same issue with multiple LTS Jenkins versions, running as a Windows service.
Oddly enough, launching Chrome in incognito mode then browsing to the Jenkins URL has Jenkins loading significantly faster.
/pre/  Error on jenkins console: .
Jenkins build is failing to push to GIT  Error msg is :-  .
Is this something /code/ can do, or does using that for Jenkins' own classes cause other issues?
I do n't know about ServiceMonitor, but I monitor my Jenkins instance without any problem, using annotations on Jenkins' service : .
I have a query relating to Jenkins loading : Let’s assume build has already happened for one of the repository workspace.
/pre/  After you are leaving the /code/ you are accessing the original workspace of Jenkins so /code/ is not the same folder where your file is which means no file = no html can be displayed.
but the problem is how would i retrieve the checkboxes data which are checked and textboxes to the jenkins parameter after they build??.
Jenkins or remote runner issue:  Even if we accommodated the issue above, eventually when tests are run from Jenkins job, Robot instantiation becomes a problem again (/url/) .
Jenkins/my browser displayed an error saying the reload failed and do I want to resubmit the POST request.
It looks like the .windowMaximize() was causing my tests to hang and fail in Jenkins.
The current easiest and fastest solution (just worked for me) is from Cloudbees: simply enter the new password into the password field in the config.xml as plain text (not encrypted) then Jenkins will read that correctly.
I am trying to configure mail notifications with success/fail status of Jenkins job.
I 'm new to Groovy and am trying to invoke a Groovy script as a Jenkins Post-build Action, but whenever I run it, I 'm getting "ERROR: Failed to evaluate groovy script": .
I went to try and update Jenkins and now the service is failing because I do n't have the correct version of Java.
Somehow, Rundeck webhook is not working whatever changes I 've done with Jenkins.
Even after doing so Jenkins as a service does n't know about mapped network drives, so you must change these to UNC paths if you have to deploy to a local network share.
Essentially, I run the /code/ image as a container and mount a data volume to persist the data Jenkins will create.
It 's probably due to my limited Docker knowledge, but my problem is I do n't know how I can mount additional files/directories to my volume and Jenkins requires that I put ssh keys within /code/.
It failed, as you might expect, since the volume is the one containing Jenkins' home directory data, not the Jenkins container itself.
My problem is, that I ca n't run it when retrieving the pipeline code as a jenkins file from a SCM-Server.
But now unfortunately without any configuration change in Jenkins slave machine, the checkout process stops with below message : .
When I build the job from my Dockerfile in Jenkins I got the error like "docker: Error response from daemon: oci runtime error: container_linux.go:235" when the console try to exec the docker images.
In case of problems with node Jenkins pod will be started on another machine.
I guess 1-2 minutes of very rare downtime for Jenkins is not so critical.
When restarting Jenkins and login, it does n't seem to be able to authenticate via PAM and keeps getting "invalid username or password error".
Also, the new Jenkins has changed the login form to a SimpleLogin and I suspect that causes incompatibility with my Centrify.
I am trying to update the status of JIRA issue with jenkins build by using the jira issue updater plugin.Everything works fine and I am able to update the status of the issue with the build but I get this "Could not update status for issue: JT-1 (204) " in jenkins console output.I was wondering why am I getting this when the jenkins build is able to update the status.Any help would be appreciated .
I am able to send the email with Pass/Fail Status along with the console output containing the unloaded 'PromotionHistoryIds' as an attachment through Jenkins.
however I have about 15 sub modules and this is quite frequent some times and my Jenkins build fails on any stale tag remained.
/code/ but for Jenkins it most likely be something else.
Q1) What I am missing to show junit report in jenkins?
I think, "jenkins-slave" is not a valid name.
/pre/  then Jenkins is smart enough to replace that with ******* in your log files.
When i check on Jenkins created enterprise build it does n't show crashes on Firebase console.
/pre/  I changed the names and the IP-Adress of my Jenkins-Server.
It 's like there is something cached on the jenkins side for this particular git repo.
I 've confirmed delivery of that event to Jenkins, but the PR pipeline wo n't trigger on it.
With the latest Update to Jenkins its working correctly .
I have faced similar issue, while the quality Gate back-end activities in Sonar server takes less than 20 sec to complete its analysis.But quality gate fail/success response from sonar-webhook in jenkins job take lot of time and stuck.
Doing things on Jenkins however and running it repeatedly I ca n't get to work.
However, when Jenkins runs it the following times, the UpdateWithCleanUpdater causes that FolderA and FolderB get first deleted and then checked out again.
do a checkout the first time, clean up and only update the following times, and still do automatic Jenkins runs based on change detection on the SVN repo?
For my own application, if Jenkins-x build is run and the application wants to be deployed in the staging environment, I see an error that my container ca n't be found.
I fixed the problem by giving my outermost Docker containers (the Jenkins Agents) access to the host network, by having Jenkins provide a /code/ option to its /code/ command: .
Jenkins v1.590 is running behind an Apache Tomcat web server and Jenkins 2.164 is running as a Windows service.
To make this work, I am running Nginx as a reverse-proxy that redirects all requests to /url/ to the Tomcat server and /url/ to the Jenkins 2.164 Windows service.
All is working well EXCEPT for unusual behavior on Jenkins v1.590.
The problem I am having is when I access some of the links under Manage Jenkins they redirect to localhost.
I am not sure why I am getting these discrepancies in Jenkins v1.590.
Most likely your repository requires authentication and something changed in the setup of it, a proxy or the machine running Jenkins jobs that make it no longer authorised.
An update had somehow activated 'Force authentication' resulting in 401 between Jenkins projects and sonarqube .
We disabled force authentication so Jenkins can get the status from the sonarqube scans, and this resolved the issue.
Build Logs on Jenkins Server: /code/ ... /code/  Build Logs on Windows Laptop: /code/ ... /code/ .
I have removed maxParallelForks = 4 from the test task as by default it will use 1 and Jenkins Server has started giving the same coverage as of windows machine.
Our Jenkins server is a powerful machine with Multi-Core processors and I think that is the reason parallel fork was working on Jenkins and giving us the above issue.
You can write Jenkins file with the below format:- .
I thought about using Jenkins however it is unable to access my download folder/file system when it comes to downloading files.
/pre/  I want to get test results to publish to jenkins.
I need to get all the data and results that are outputted by Jenkins into Report Portal (RP).
How then do I get Jenkins to send all generated data to RP?
It is working fine on my local machine but I am getting the issue over Jenkins, I do n't know why it is not happening on my local machine.
I am having an issue with the Fitnesse plugin on Jenkins where the xml results files on the slave do not get parsed correctly into the build.xml on the masters job directory.
Resulting in not showing the html output in Jenkins when clicking the Fitnesse results.
I expect the results get parsed into a correctly formatted build.xml where the Fitnesse plugin will render it into correct html result rows and details when clicking the Fitnesse test results link in the Jenkins job run overview.
It looks like it could be related to these messages in de Jenkins system log: .
I have Jenkins server whose GUI is super slow whenever I refresh it takes at least a few mins to respond.
I am copying the entire Jenkins folder from one server to another and starting the Jenkins  .
I have had the same issue, found next solution: remove ANDROID_HOME in Jenkins environment variables.
I 'm looking to pull from one repo and push to another repo (on a different server) in Jenkins.
I look for a solution where it is actually Jenkins that look for the pull request in git and triggers job and report back the result.
it should be the Jenkins that does everything.from checking any pull request on git and triggering itself and send result to git.
please help me in automating the above process in Jenkins server .
I have some files in Jenkins work space.
Therefore, I ca n't seem to archive the artifacts directly to Jenkins.
Can Jenkins be set up to archive files from outside the workspace?
But when try running jenkins, it fails.
I amazon-ec2 instance with Windows Server 2016 and jenkins agent running on instance startup (the agent connects to Jenkins and works normally) Using jenkins agent I deploy selenium tests to that instance and try executing them against my web application in Chrome.
   I can do to make Jenkins pass this error?
/pre/  But still I am facing the error in Jenkins.
Then, it calls /code/ internally, and jenkins thinks the build has failed.
In Jenkins i am using email notification smtp server : smtp.gmail.com username and password of my gmail smtp port 465 and also i have installed email extension and email extension template but its throwing me error.
when I started with jenkins, I faced similar problem.
Make sure you capture the Jenkins result / output in your Change ticket for reference.
Problem: My visual studio project compiles successfully locally but wo n't compile successfully on my automated build server (Jenkins) due to a ReferenceAssembly error: .
I think it successfully downloaded the package one time but I deleted it to see if it was reproducible in my build server (Jenkins).
But still cannot trigger the job run on Jenkins automatically.
Problem is I ca n't access my Jenkins API from my WP site and I 'm still confronted to an "access denied" error.
I tried as well to use the ip address I set to my jenkins docker image (/code/) for the link to access the API (as /code/) but I 've got the error: /code/ .
If you already have Jenkins installed, you can certainly piggy-back on it.
However, it does not work in the remote machine that gets its settings from Jenkins.
The most baffling thing is I give Jenkins the same settings file.
I want to trigger a parameterized Jenkins job, after the Jira issue is filled up and moved from Open to In Progress, and the Jenkins job parameters will be each of the field values the Jira issue contains.
Jenkins consider script run as successful if it return zero exit code and failed if not.
As you get the permission denied error message, it looks like Jenkins is already using the correct docker executable.
Using Mattermost Notification plugin on Jenkins (running on macOS) gives me the following error: .
It would be a lot of logic, I would instead remain on the git > jenkins via webhook path and just set conditions in the jenkins file about what to do.
/pre/  The commands will be continued to execute and the output of Jenkins is "Finished: SUCCESS".
Then as long as your /url/ is v6+ you can use the Datadog agent to tail your jenkins.log file by following /url/.
We 've recently noticed our Jenkins builds stopped getting triggered automatically.
Jenkins logs report various failures: .
Invalid credentials despite having a valid Jenkins username &amp; password credentials (password is a personal API token): .
I have openjdk11 and Gradle wrapper in my local and it builds fine there, but throwing below exception while trying to run through Jenkins server(which has openjdk11).
/pre/  when I run this playbook through CLI it is running successfully but I am not able to run through Jenkins as (i have already done the set up by pasting private key in Jenkins) .
So when Push happens on BitBucket repository, Jenkins starts build (that takes about 10 seconds).
I have setup /code/ in Jenkins and have done neccessary setup, but when I do a test configuration I get this error: .
Failed to connect or change directory   jenkins.plugins.publish_over.BapPublisherException: Failed to connect and initialize SSH connection.
However when I try to run the same tests on jenkins I get the error: .
When I do manually repo sync it works fine, but if the same is triggered via a jenkins job it is throwing the following error .
And while I am unable to access the VM via RDP, I can trigger jenkins requests from other gcp slaves.
I want to read and execute .pub files (stored in local folder) through Jenkins along with Git repository.
Then I want to migrate to go modules, because I have a private lib dependency in Gitlab, so I modify the netrc  file in Jenkins server as this page says: /url/, and 'go build' works perfectly in local machine and download all the dependencies as expected, but in Jenkins server has some problem.
/pre/  /code/ is my private repository, it seems the config in /code/ in Jenkins server did n't work, how can I fix this problem?
I have a cucumber tests that all run successfully on my local but some of the tests failed when run with Jenkins stating unable to locate elements on all the tests that failed.
I 'm wondering how to transmit username/password safely to this remote connection, maybe using Jenkins credentials .
(We run Cucumber tests on Jenkins and I can follow the progress via the "Console log").
Make sure your GitHub webhook is sending push events as well as pull request events to Jenkins.
/pre/  This is because Jenkins is trying to inspect the second /code/ in the Dockerfile, and because that target did n't run Docker did n't pull down that image and it 's unavailable to /code/ .
After I updated my Jenkins file to .
For the second option I can set up a CVS repository but: - as I understand it only works with a fixed branch so does not really support multibranches what I want to achieve - when I save my changes I instantly get a NullPointerException from jenkins with a meaningless stacktrace.
Could we install Jenkins 2.164+ on the master, leave the slave on the XP machine running the Jenkins 1.612 slave, and have them successfully talk to each other?
tried to connect my jenkins that installed on VM and also git is installed overthere (if it has any connection to these error), and i got these error while try to add the gitHub link, the two errors are because i did also try with the configuration of SSH but it looks that there is no related thing to my problem with the SSH thing .
After that (and I 'm not 100% sure this is the cause) tests run fine in a Jenkins job, but the reports with /url/ are not getting generated.
After a recent installation when running /code/ as user jenkins I get the following error: .
The only way I can get the report is to do scp the files from staging machine to bastion and then bastion to my local and then pushing it to test jenkins box .
Now such this step in Jenkins cannot find the file with timestamp.
/pre/  Any idea how to stop adding this timestamp or fixing Jenkins code?
Your local jenkins server will be accessible on given url -  .
Now your local jenkins server is ready to test any CICD activity... .
[ERROR] Failed to execute goal on project jenkins: Could not resolve   dependencies for project interos:jenkins:jar:1.0: Failure to find   org.jenkins-ci.main:cli:jar:2.49 in   /url/ was cached in the local   repository, resolution will not be reattempted until the update   interval of central has elapsed or updates are forced -> [Help 1] .
I 'm using Jenkins pipeline and I am getting the following error when running a function to get CustomWorkspace: /code/.
I reached to the point that I have to change the port number in /code/ and then restart Jenkins with /code/.
What 's odd is that all the secrets from credential.xml and config.xml are coming from the same source, same format but Jenkins is only encrypting secrets inside the config.xml file.
/pre/  But when I run it I get following output in Jenkins: .
I am writing a shared library for Jenkins and am running across a bit of an organizational issue.
But it was obvious that they were created in the Jenkins Master.
Please vote on this issue on Jenkins CI website if you want for the issue to be resolved sooner.
Since that moment my jenkins jobs are failing at the compile stage itself.
Below is the error i 'm getting from jenkins console.
Due to some issue, I have been trying to debug the helper class but Jenkins run does not show those changes.
I have exactly the same problem and error message from the other question, but if I remove /opt/freeware/lib from the libpath (which was the other person 's solution) when I start Jenkins, I get: .
I ca n't get tests to run on a the simulator through Jenkins, as "Could not dertermine bundle identifier for ProjectWithTestsTests 's test host".
All test are able to be executed on a build server running Jenkins whether it is unit/integration or e2e-test (which could be implemented with Selenium).
The Jenkins service account is indeed admin, but when it runs the rights are not elevated.
the pipeline fails with the error: Could not find module "@angular-devkit/build-angular" from "/var/lib/jenkins/workspace/sbAdmin".
As a Result we can later implement this in Jenkins Pipeline to alter any changes also in database.
But when Jenkins actually executes this powershell script its unable to replace %workspace% within the script and fails as it cannot find that.
It was a cache issue of Jenkins.
Since Jenkins runs on Java, you need to get Java to trust your self-signed certificate.
/pre/  The entire Jenkins file does not have any sleep command.
My previously working Jenkins jobs are now failing with an error when checking out the Jenkinsfile from Git, with the message .
I assume Jenkins is either not finding a key, or finding a wrong key, but I ca n't see why.
But still from Jenkins I am getting Permission denied error.
I have a problem with my Jenkins which runs on K8s.
But i solved this issue and saw that the problem is by jenkins itself.
Master node with Ubuntu Jenkins slave running two emulators side by side in a vnc session .
During the execution (via Jenkins) I get an exception thrown that the USE statement should not be used.
/pre/  The Jenkins Error log: .
/pre/  From Jenkins while analyzing the code getting below errors .
/pre/  I have the following two files in my sonarqube server (/code/), Later I have copied these two files to my Jenkins server and executed still falling with same errors.
The issue was when you uploaded your credential file to Google OAuth Plugin for Jenkins, the credential was n't being uploaded correctly and there was no credential file for the Google Play Publisher to work correctly.
I 'm facing some problems with Jenkins Build History.
Still it 's possible to get any job 's status by using the jenkins json API .
This push triggers a different Jenkins-Job (Job B) which tests the newly pushed artifacts.
The remaining part of the question is how is the original Jenkins instance able to generate this file without it being listed as a managed file.
In your specific case the folder is mounted empty because the mounted path (check it by running /code/) is not present on the host (host = the host running your Jenkins container, not the Jenkins container itself).
How can I make sure the Jenkins service finds the USB token when running the signtool command?
The problem I have is Jenkins is installed on a closed network, it cannot access the internet.
My code build on jenkins working till few days back with jdk 1.8 and suddenly it started throwing exception javafx packages does n't exist like .
After running the Jenkins job, it shows the following error.
All I need is for Jenkins to save the contents of my Git repository (which is a collection of php scripts) to a local folder on my machine.
I’m passing /code/ as URL parameter from /code/ to Jenkins, but when I add the parameter, nothing is triggered on push and I don’t get any logs.
When you allow the 9000 port to firewall on your desired operating System the following error "ERROR: Sonar server '/url/' can not be reached" will remove successfully.In ubuntu it is just like as by typing the following command in terminal "sudo ufw allow 9000/tcp" this error will removed from the Jenkins server by clicking on build now in jenkins.
you should get 200 success message on Gitlab and on Jenkins a triggered Job: /url/ /url/ If that 's not the case and you still get the 403, This are things you can do:     .
/pre/  the error I see in jenkins is: .
It seems it is creating the local repo somewhere else than jenkins workspace.
/pre/  My jenkins logs report accurately that  /code/, verified by using /code/ .
It 's a known Jenkins issue: /url/ .
I use declarative Jenkins pipeline so it builds and runs container but when I run /code/ Jenkins throws error that Jest does n't exist and  .
/pre/  If Jenkins detects the same commit as previous, it sleeps again.
I am new to Jenkins and of late I observed that in one of the job  when i build application test results are changing even though new changes are not committed.
Run a bash script to check for "SNAPSHOT" string in pom.xml, but then how can I detect "if this is a release" inside a jenkins job?
Does anyone know how can I fix this error in the Jenkins job?
When I start the wdio configured job via Jenkins I get the following output: .
The whole Jenkins UI becomes so slow, either Jenkins server needs to restarted or the whole server needs to restarted to bring it back to normal.
The problem that I have encounter was even though when I run jenkins as admin by adjusting option in Windows Services.
However, as soon as run that command on jenkins, it does n't work.
I was googling why and did all the troubleshooting such as giving jenkins a permission (as admin) but nothing has been worked.
/pre/  I added a private key to Jenkins because I thought that authentication was the problem, but that did n't help.
I also tried getting a shell into the Jenkins pod and I pinged the {hostname} but then I get the same error /code/.
But when I enter that IP address in Jenkins instead of the {hostname}, then I get a /code/ error.. .
/pre/   uninstalling Istio service, after Jenkins redeploy, works again.
Jenkins stopped working suddenly.
I am facing following issue only on Jenkins server even when I try to run the node-gyp on cmd prompt, it is working fine.
But in Jenkins build is failed every time with above issue.
Try first the same operation with Jenkins launched in an environment where the variable /code/ is set to "/code/": that will give you full traces when Git tries and clone with SSH URL.
Running Jenkins not as sudo and pointing to the correct SSH keys resolved the issue.
/url/ mentions the known_hosts issue, but if the remote server fingerprint is already added (assuming your Jenkins is running with the same account as your own shell session), then check if your private key is passphrase-protected: .
This helped fix the problem with Jenkins running a slave with ssh: .
I 've tried my.jenkins.url/computers/api but this does n't contain the information I need.
But i always get IOError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/home/jenkins/.kube/config' .
How do i configure jenkins to send an email containing the reports created after every 3 hours?
I’ve changed number of executors at jenkins to 1, and problem is not occuring anymore.
Error: render error in "jenkins/templates/deprecation.yaml": template:   jenkins/templates/deprecation.yaml:258:11: executing   "jenkins/templates/deprecation.yaml" at : error calling fail:   Master.
Do n't know though if it works for jobs that do n't exist on the Jenkins Host anymore due to missing filesystems .
I have jenkins job which copies artifacts from another job using Copy Artifacts from another job configuration, when we run the job alone it copies latest successful build artifacts, however when we try to run it from up stream job it is wrongly copying artifacts .
So I have a jenkins server, which is an internal instance (without public IP) and a proxy instance with IP accessible from outside.
location ~ /prmg_jenkins {           proxy_pass /url/; .
https:///internal_jenkins > internal_jenkins -> response (rewrite with public_ip again) ...
But since the code is already on gitlab, it might be simplerer to let gitlab to handle this process instead of installing and setting up jenkins.
/pre/  Also followed above steps in jenkins hello world plugin and received same error.
but every time when my Jenkins build is finished, I see this error  : .
Update your url like /url/ token can be generated at the following URL JENKINS_HOST/me/configure .
I had created a job in jenkins to run my X project initially which is working without any issue.
I faced the same issue and adding to the above answers, I disabled firewall in Jenkins master and everything went fine.
I 've tried to create a new Jenkins project to get rid of any cache problem, but it has the same result.
I was able to resolve this issue by configuring Jenkins as root user.
$JENKINS_USER="root" .
Then change the ownership of Jenkins home, webroot and logs: .
So it will also expose the entire /var/jenkins_home directory.
But, it fails when I run from jenkins with this error.
[ERROR] [ERROR] Some problems were encountered while processing the POMs: [ERROR] Child module /home/jenkins/workspace/TEST/A/B of  /home/jenkins/workspace/TEST/pom.xml does not exist @  .
We use jenkins so that as soon as code gets pushed to repository, by git hooks, we run jenkins job which pull that code, make the build, run tests, and then if needed, upload it to remote machine where the code actually runs.
I am trying to get a CI/CD pipeline going, my problem arises from having to create separate Jenkins instances of Prod and Non-Prod environments.
I also try the Jenkins Plguin, but the console output is not sent to ElasTest.
However, when Jenkins makes the call the pull fails (although the restart line does work).
Jenkins is running under an account with administrator access.
But when i try to run the same command on jenkins it never runs the last command in order to send the report via email.
/pre/  looking for information about root cause for that phenomenon or solutions for this to work in jenkins .
Not sure if this is exactly the answer you are looking for, but I believe that if you were to write your Jenkins pipelines in a declarative manner (/url/) this would address your issue.
I already have it pretty-printing in Jenkins but we need it locally too... .
Furthermore (and I 'm not intimately familiar with the jenkins internal apis so I might be wrong here) the following flow in the above code seems off:  .
Unless I 'm missing something esoteric in the jenkins apis this seems redunant as well.
I have a Jenkins slave running on Windows 2019 server machine.
Jenkins does not understand that the program was not successful and marks the pipeline as a success.
This problem is ocurring because you do n't have permission to execute job on the Jenkins jobs dir(in your case /code/).
In our case we automatically restarted Jenkins once a day in either in the shut down or boot up process branches went missing.
After changing folder ownership (in my case it jenkins:apache) its start working.
I have jenkins file which has publishHTML method to generate report with .html file of jacoco result.
I ca n't see Cython output in jenkins console.
/pre/  This line will show up in jenkins console but Cython output will not: .
If you added only a Jenkins Server it will be selected as default, otherwise, the correct Jenkins server will need to be selected: .
/pre/  When attempting to trigger my tests via Jenkins Iam seeing the following exception message: .
And indeed it appears to be a known Jenkins issue as stated in a previous answer.
I also tried from jenkins job but the same error occurs.
/pre/  Could anyone help me to understand why the run from jenkins has a different behaviour ?
The problem is that Jenkins stage starts before the migrations complete in the previous stage, hence the unit tests will fail, because the database tables are not ready.
Error response from daemon: manifest for   913xxxxxxx1.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/interos-jenkins:latest not found .
My guess is that the first match for "interos-jenkins" has the remote url in it?
/pre/  In Jenkins, you can access parameters via /code/.
For other small tasks, we use Jenkins webhook to send an email notification to our org email address and it works.
I assume there is something I can do to integrate alertmanager with Jenkins and send alerts to my email address, but not completely sure how to do that.
After Jenkins will deploy this image from a repository, with initial data inside to run integration tests on it, and different executions of the test will run on the exact point of the database that we want.
I have been playing with Jenkins, but now I cannot log in at all, I just get .
When i push a commit into gerrit then a jenkins build is triggered for windows OS(configured parameter) only.
How could I get information from Jenkins about where it saving results in current build?
If the java.exe path is setup correctly in the jenkins.xml/jenkins-slave.xml file and the problem persists, then try to delete the jenkins_agent.pid file and restart the service.
/pre/  These are screenshots of the error logs I can see in Jenkins Log and Durable Plugin logs.
2) I can do all the stuff in /code/ running /code/, after that making /code/ from it(including vendor folder) and then after getting the image (which contains vendor too), uploading this docker image into dockerhub, then in stage( 'deploy') i can notify remote host about that and pass the script file from jenkins to that laravel remote hosts which contains the code which pulls the latest image from dockerhub and run it.
After reading multiple topics on internet, I understood that actually Jenkins does not run the code.
/pre/  Can anyone please tell me how to run the result of the build via Jenkins?
I am integrating Hashicorp vault with Jenkins and trying to generate dynamic secrets using assume role but getting permission denied error.
Set up coverage retrieval and publishing In order to get the coverage   data published to Jenkins, you need to add a JaCoCo publisher and   configure it so it will find all the necessary information.
How to pass map of variables from the yaml file to variable in the jenkins file or just print in the text file.
When I build with jenkins, it ends up successful but my apache server does n't display my test website.
They have just commit/push and are running from Jenkins.
I am trying to execute Selenium tests written in C#.NET with NUnit through Jenkins, but the following error message is displayed:  .
Note: I 've checked my firewall settings and Jenkins is allowed through the firewall.
We have been trying to connect Jenkins Agent (in RHEL) with Jenkins Master (Windows OS), but we are getting /code/ error code.
/pre/  I do n't know what exactly is causing these problems, but since both my app and the results of the sonar analysis are looking OK, I would like to get rid of those log outputs since they only pollute my logs on Jenkins and make them unreadable.
/pre/  so here my text file is under jenkins/security folder of gitrepo but unfortunately I am getting this error: .
Will the Jenkins server get over loaded from multiple jobs polling every second on Bitbucket?
But still not able to do S3 upload from Jenkins.
But when I try to implement this test cases in Jenkins then its not working and getting error.
/pre/  This is definetly a problem concerning karate AND jenkins because when executed on a local machine, the problem never occured.
All surefire reports for the executed features are there but on jenkins the results-json.txt and timeline.html is missing.
== Added May 9, in response to @hakamairi 's request for configuration (note: this is in Jenkins web interface): == .
However, my requirement is to embed  extentreport.html file in jenkins email body.
This means that where Jenkins requires a trusted file (e.g.
As you can see in the Jenkins Dockerfile (/url/) /var/jenkins_home is declared as a volume.
Stopping and starting jenkins service made it work for me in windows.
/pre/  Next I configured a token credential within Jenkins using token "myroot" .
I 'm having the problem that /code/ in combination with the /code/ command is very slow when started over Jenkins.
Jenkins builds suddenly disappears from the jenkins UI for certain Jobs.
Jenkins has the /url/ which can compare the warnings found in one Jenkins job to the warnings found in another Jenkins job.
Question suggested /url/ is an issue specific to /code/ not able to resolve dependencies but in my case, /code/ build from command line or jenkins is fine but IDE fails.
/pre/  Here is the snapshot from the Jenkins test results.
/pre/  Edit-2: The tests from Command line were working but through Jenkins were failing .
Now I have the following Problem: I do n't see the Browser Windows when I connect to my Testserver (the mentioned before Jenkins Slave) via Remote Desktop.
Unfortunately, there is a ticket for this in Jenkins (/url/) which was closed as a duplicate of this ticket: (/url/) .
JENKINS-27413 was raised in 2015, and is still open.
The File Parameter appears not to work in Jenkins Pipeline.
Also in the console there is a log that mentions "Resuming build after Jenkins restart" but there was no restart at the time when this job was triggered .
Otherwise Jenkins may not save you Tool Configuration properly.
/pre/  As logged, Jenkins, after merging my branch to /code/, is checking out the origianl commit again (/code/) and continue the build.
Jenkins gives me this error:  .
Am getting this error while building my selenium Code in Jenkins Server , But my test cases are getting pass .
Error in Jenkins : After Execution  .
As per my understanding the code should run same as in local and build should get success in Jenkins .
Jenkins somehow accesses to the instance and call /code/.
If you see a job getting triggered twice even when you manually trigger, it might be in the way the Jenkins job is configured.
Sometimes job executed by Jenkins ends unexpectedly without any error.
I 've tried to find some Jenkins logs other than console logs, which logged why that job is aborted .
On my tablet if I browse to 193.0.0.0:8080 I can reach Jenkins.
/pre/  Has anyone else been able to get Kaniko running from a shared-library in Jenkins on Kubernetes?
I faced a similar issue where I could see the test being run under 'Console Output' in Jenkins but could n't see the browser running.
I 've got a Jenkins job to be triggered when one opens a pull-request on Bitbucket server.
By default every Jenkins run are threaten as Snapshots but you can control them by  Repositories with .
8081 port is open and I can open Jenkins, but 8080 port stay closed(it 's closed when I check it on www.yougetsignal.com).
The 1st thought is that Jenkins is doing something to the workspace, but do n't know when, why and how.
The problem was that Jenkins' Pipeline DSL requires all assigned objects to be Serializable.
I also have an extremely small build that makes it through the entire build process in Jenkins with no issue, so I do n't think there is a fundamental flaw with my Docker containers.
Unfortunately, the /code/ Jenkins step does n't appear to flush open buffers, as my /code/ step that prints out all log files does n't find /code/, though I would n't expect there to be anything different from the Jenkins capture.
Jenkins still "works" but basically the front-end is all messed-up - does anyone know if there is a way to restore certain things that might have been in there?
Our Jenkins environment (running on Centos 7.6) is causing a bit of confusion with its update mechanics.
I’m trying to push stage data from Jenkins pipeline to influx db and I get issue as below .
/pre/  Expected: I want to push each stages of jenkins pipeline data to influx db.
i 'm setting up a new jenkins server to execute ansible playbook on local and remote machine, and i have two problems:  .
If I manually change http to https after logging in, I 'm in and just it works fine, although I get "reverse proxy is broken" error in Configure Jenkins.
I am sure there was not interaction in jenkins and artifactory but suddenly stared seeing failures .
I just created a slave node in Jenkins master and I just used the name It works perfectly fine.
I 'm trying to build an Android application with jenkins but I 'm getting "Execution failed for task ':app:mergeDebugResources'" error each time I try it.
/pre/  And this is the error I get each time I try to build my project with Jenkins .
Jenkins will hide exact matches of the username and password in the logs.
To solve this problem, i have modified the useSecurity of /var/lib/jenkins/congif.xml from true to false.
After that i restart jenkins and i was able to access jenkins without uid/pwd.
The exact issue was not the same, but the fix listed /url/ involving creating a new set of credentials on the Jenkins Master with the username set to "git" solved my issue.
When merging staging into master, our jenkins server squashes the commits to create a single "release" commit in master that 's tagged with the version.
I know that the issue is with squashing the commits &amp; a lack of a shared history, my question is how to achieve a single commit on master with staging having the full history automatically (this has to happen on a jenkins server).
I have looked at rebase but I ca n't figure out if it can do what we want automatically (this has to happen on a jenkins server with no manual intervention).
Does anyone have any idea what could cause the Fastlane invocation of /code/ to behave differently on a Jenkins server than locally?
With Jenkinspipelines you do n't need credentials, because they are executed in Jenkins.
How can I tell jenkins to load  .
I got this error after I restart my jenkins, can anyone suggest me how to solve it ?
-It 's been so long since I restart my jenkins .
On the Jenkins instance I 'm using it errors out with .
The reason why we are doing the git stuff in Docker instead of outside the container and copying files into the container is for making Jenkins easier to work with.
Back into Jenkins, I see the following... .
I uploaded the problem repo to another git provider (gitlab), and I can clone it from there via Jenkins no problems at all (it just worked straight away).
However, when I try to run protractor using jenkins, it started the selenium server but does not execute the browser and will fail due to timeout.
Below is the error when I try to build/run protractor using jenkins: .
/pre/  i tried to run webdriver-manager update only using jenkins just to check and it is giving below error: .
For some reasons, I am getting build errors when I try to build or release this package from within Jenkins.
I got a similar error while building it in jenkins.
Right now, I am either stateless and going through the Jenkins state and figuring out all the orphaned jobs, or I have to store the state which my downstream job will fetch (may be a vault/key-value store).
When I try to run it on Jenkins, I am getting below error: .
The configure block indeed was created but it created a duplicate "tag" of jenkins.branch.BranchSource I guess I am missing something' I tried tons of manipulations but nothing worked for me.
MSBuild-proper commands generate a build failed message that I think Jenkins is using to know to break the build... .
Well a suggestion is to modify the /code/ file on the Jenkins host to point to the nexus host when querying /code/.
i get this bean related error when jenkins job had browserCapabilties mentioned while run local.
I have a Jenkins server running on Ubuntu; sources are on Plastic and I already have a Windows slave making Android builds, so the Plastic server is well responding with Jenkins.
I had exactly the same error, but in different context, in the Jenkins build automation.
there is probably a better way, by having a sandbox Jenkins on a system that has access to the internet.
You update the server using the UI and then you can test that updated Jenkins thoroughly.
When done, you just need to copy the war and hpi files over to your 'production' Jenkins.
Another way is to setup a transparent https proxy between your Jenkins and Artifactory server - in that case update-center.json will not change and signature verification should work fine.
After i was updating my dockerfile to use openjdk-11 and jnlp-slave, from Jenkins master side, it could not connect to the Jenkins slave node via JNLP to run the job.
Suspecting that /code/ has made the connection to be broken so i have searched for it and looks like open-jdk11 &amp;jenkins jnlp-slave is just in preview mode in Jenkins and i 'm not sure if it can handle the connection properly.
Running my Protractor test from Jenkins by executing shell script /code/ , but getting error: .
Using the Git changeset that Jenkins receives, perform a /code/ when build starts, and if none of the changed files starts with the required subdirectory - abort and exit the build.
Jenkins receives a notification (or a webhook of some sort) and triggers a job that builds and tests /code/.
Jenkins sends the build/test result back to the pull request checks view (I 've got this stage covered).
The text file app.JSON has multiple variables which are already defined in the Jenkins Pipeline.
Jenkins fails and returns the following error when I attempt to connect to the root URL for my Azure Devops organization (macfarmw): .
If you think send 4000 HTTP requests is not effective, You can iterate the JENKINS_HOME folder on Jenkins Master.
Jenkins uniquely identify it 's master for default builds by name master, therefore in that case we cannot rename it.
I have installed Robot Framework plugin in my jenkins, once my test executions completed successfully the output results are showing on jenkins only, But i want to mail those output results to recipients.
While running sonar-scanner via Jenkins, we are getting the following error message.
I suspect Jenkins can do some sort of commandline execution of third party software.
I see that if I have a test, that Jenkins is the mock.
I am executing Selenium tests from Jenkins, when I Create Jenkins job on master machine by adding my local as slave where master is windows server and slave is MAC everything works fine but when I try to execute same tests with add another windows server as slave it does n't opens chrome browser and gives timeout message.
I 'm setting up a jenkins server using the "Configuration as code" and docker-plugin plugins to allow me to configure docker-slaves which are automatically added to the jenkins node with the tcp socket exposed and secured with client certificates for access.
After generating the "configuration as code" templates locally, I ca n't figure out how to get them to the jenkins server.
My problem is that Jenkins does n't read, my latest master from the submodule.
In my local machine pm2 is running successfully .But in jenkins it is not starting the application, and also it does not shows any error message, but I am sure the application was not running with pm2.
Jenkins build is failing with error below error.
You can also make daily snapshots/backups of Jenkins disk.
But Jenkins throws error: heroku: command not found).
I am writing unit tests which work fine locally but fails in Jenkins with the following error: .
/pre/  the Trace Debug shows msg and when i paste msg on my terminal it works... but the Jenkins debugger shows this : "incorrect section name: -e syntax error" .
/pre/  This command will create a docker volume named "jenkins-data" and you will no longer see the error.
/pre/  When I run above command, the job gets created in my Jenkins server but I get this error:  .
To remove the connection on this slave to the old server, I did the following:  1. sc  delete 2. deleted the files in folder c:\jenkins 3. rebooted server 4. from new jenkins server, launched slave which copied files to c:\jenkins folder and installed service.
On my new jenkins server, I setup the windows slave and when I connect, the log has the following: .
/pre/  The error on the jenkins server shows the service is not running.
I 've set up Jenkins server in the office (1 master server@Windows server 2012 R2 &amp; 2 nodes@Windows 10 Professional 64bits) for deploying web applications automatically.
I 've tried using Jenkins plugin "Publish Over FTP Plugin" and WinSCP.exe for FTP uploading (using Jenkins Windows Batch Shell) but this error still occurs occasionally.
No matter files are uploaded from Jenkins master or slave nodes, it still exists.
/pre/  I expect that all files could be uploaded to FTP server properly in Jenkins; no files are corrupted.
I am stuck in the process as I am unable to identify how jenkins code decide about the color code the the subtask it runs.
A similar issue showed up for us on Jenkins slaves set up on Windows Server 2008 following this /url/.
The Jenkins agent failed to access the mounted network drives even after configuring the agent service with the correct user credentials.
Jenkins could access the mounted network drives by their drive letters when connected via the JNLP agent (Launch agent via Java Web Start).
I had the same issue and the issue with me was the $PATH variable being blank in Jenkins Shell.
So I attached an NFS drive and created a bind mount from /home/jenkins to NFS drive, and this resolved the issue for nodejs container, but the jnlp container in the pod is still running out of storage.
/pre/  If the exception is caught and handled, Jenkins will continue the job.
Also, the code and database are working on local machine and staging site, I run deployment with git/Jenkins, so code and database are the same on all platforms, and the issue is only on live site.
Previously, there were no JWT token applied on these API 's and Jenkins job was running fine.
How do I pass the JWT token dynamically so that Jenkins job not failed every time?
My Jenkins job is required to establish an RDP connection to another machine to perform some activities.
You can use fact that docker container home repository is a shared volume with local jenkins workspace.
Due to audit purpose I can’t delete jobs, but I can delete the built artifacts to keep jenkins home directory light.
So I expect jenkins job to have unstable status at the end because of assertion failures but instead jenkins job is throwing success status.
How can I update Jenkins status to provide unstable status if any collection fails due to assertion error.
Jenkins was crashing because the drive it was on was maxed out.
Here is what the node is reporting: This agent is offline because Jenkins failed to launch the agent process on it.
I find it more useful when valgrind posts the information to the stderr, so a build server like Jenkins or TeamCity can show it more easily.
I am trying to add /code/ in Jenkins declarative pipeline but I end up with the following error, I read the document on adding try catch block for scripted pipeline syntax of Jenkins(/url/) but I did n't get anything on declarative syntax.
2.164.2, copyArtifacts plugin 1.42,  I get the good old NotSerializableException WorkflowJob error when running a declarative pipeline calling a shared lib script, where a non serializable ( Jenkins.instance.getItem(jobName) ) is passed along a copyArtifacts plugin call.
Keep in mind to restart the jenkins server so that the changes you make will take affect on jenkins.
The main problem is jenkins pipeline 's user has a different PATH.
I try to connect to the gitlab from Jenkins and I keep getting this error: .
I am not understanding what exactly is going wrong on line 10 and hence the jenkins throws an error with the red ball, requesting for some help here.
Some weird things happened, like  1. jenkins broke or huge error console  2.
Lost the data of manage and assigned roles in Jenkins.
/pre/  The problem is it only prints the result but never fails on Jenkins.
If unable to find Jenkins password in the location /code/ .
/code/ methods will refer to files on the master where Jenkins is running, so not in the current workspace on the slave machine.
This error seems to be telling you that you do not have Node installed on the Jenkins Slave you 're attempting to run the tests on.
While running my existing Jenkins Project I am running into the below issue as soon as I start it -  .
Also, this has been a recent issue and Jenkins project executed just fine some days back.
I do not have a lot of experience with Jenkins, could someone assist me in what to look for inside this error message regarding what failed about this build?
/pre/  It seems Jenkins is having a problem locating the /code/ .
I downgraded to 1.7.1, restarted Jenkins, and the error is not seen anymore.
I have a Automation test scripts which are running fine Jenkins Master but on slaves it is giving below error: .
The build jobs are now failing with the exception shown bellow (it gets printed to Jenkins console).
Still, my Jenkins job throws me this error.
My problem statement is to create the .html file in memory through Extent reports and pass it to another method which will render it on jenkins .
I am getting compilation error while running a project in Jenkins.
Configured the correct user credentials on the Jenkins agent service and restarted it but that did not help either.
I have installed both Informatica server, client and Jenkins on my laptop but that should n't be the issue at all.
Connection is successful and i am able to run build successfully in Jenkins i.e.
But at the end of Jenkins build, build report failure and Jenkins gives me an error .
Original Jenkins context: .
In a Jenkins server, a job launches an expect script on a Red Hat 6.7 slave and it works fine.
to get the same behaviour as Red Hat 6 when Jenkins is running expect scripts?
/pre/  I am getting the following error when I run the Compress job in Jenkins.
I even tried to execute a .exe file with NodeJS by using exec from child_process but still no output being print to my Jenkins 's console output.
/pre/  Error I am getting in Jenkins pipeline console is as below:  .
How can I close any connection to the Jenkins node from the outside world and only keep it open from the nginx node?
I 'm receiving multiple json objects (about current builds in Jenkins) from a backend server, and iterating through this and adding to a datasource.
By inlining into the actual Jenkinsfile Jenkins kindly helped me to identify the problem: .
PS: a strange thing is that I tried these same exact steps on another jenkins server (this one is running on docker) and it was working perfectly fine.
The Jenkins server i have is able to send out emails (i 've set up SMTP settings).
I am only comfortable with the config.xml (forgotten password) and the browser user of jenkins.
If yes, try to restart the jenkins.
It is happening because the Jenkins pipeline code is not actually running this Groovy code directly it is interpreting it with a parser to apply script security to keep the Jenkins system secure amongst other things.
Tests running on Jenkins are failing to find node_module testcafe-hammerhead.
The same tests run successfully locally and were running successfully in Jenkins with no changes.
The problem is he had a different username and if he launches Jenkins, the war will look in /home//.Jenkins As I ran things first, the real location of .Jenkins  is /home//.Jenkins .
write the string to STDOUT and catch that from jenkins.
When jenkins tries to connects it can open a browser but doesnt load the page.
You can connect a windows node to jenkins master and schedule windows jobs on this server.
I expect the test to be reported as "Skipped" in the xml report so Jenkins can know it was skipped and display it in yellow.
Now, my problem is that even though my applications (Gitbucket and Jenkins) use the same realm for my mod_auth_openidc, I still need to login for the applications (SSO setup) even though I was already verified when accessing my landing page.
Rather than involving Jenkins you would use the normal VCS client to retrieve the latest commits; there would then be no order issue.
These variables will contain the decrypted password, but when you print them out, jenkins will notice there is a password in the log, which jenkins will obfuscate.
I tried to run in natively in Windows on the Jenkins Master, where the exclude patterns worked correctly.
However, as I moved the configuration to another Jenkins server/instance, it worked correctly.
There must be something wrong on my jenkins installation... .
Now, the issue is when we run our code in RDP or jenkins selenium code will run without any issues, when sikuli code comes up the element images are not fetched and code fails with findFailed exception.
Please help us to run sikuli code in both rdp and jenkins.
Jenkins sets commit status to pending including link to command progress output .
Upon completion, Jenkins updates final commit status to success or failure .
I would like to access variables from the Jenkins job console output on a different server using REST API.
Jenkins job runs on server A and I would like to read or get all variables on Server B.
/pre/  I am new to jenkins so may be I am missing out something.
If you can do this without any error, put these steps in Jenkins with:  .
If you start with Jenkins configurations you will get confuse errors and you could lost time.
Alternatively, you may consider a reversed scenario when the installation starts as root, and does sudo to jenkins when required.
/pre/  Everything used to work perfectly till our hard drive gets full and jenkins stopped building.
After we cleaned the hard drive and tried building through jenkins again, the last step (Execute shell) failed to build with the following error: .
However, once we run it as jenkins user, the process gets killed within few seconds.
Each time the Jenkins file is executed during a pull request or commit, I use the compose stack and to check that the tests have been performed correctly.
If the test fails then container aborted and Jenkins notifies but in a positive scenario when the spring boot application starts Jenkins does n't notify and sticks.
I 'm getting an Exception when running this, but Jenkins actually executes the requested action: .
So depending of what the user chooses, Jenkins will deploy to that specific environment which I do n't think it 's even necessary to have those options since the correct deployment flow should be dev -> staging -> prod, there should n't be a scenario where dev or staging would be skipped and then deploy right next to production, so in my opinion this should be updated better .
Instead i am getting the error below from jenkins.
So, if you have any CI/CD server (like Jenkins) notifying test results, you can integrate any email address in the post build action of the Job.
I have currently added the below logic to capture and attach images to the Jenkins Cucumber reports however currently the images are not getting attached to the reports: .
/pre/  Example Report (Generated in Jenkins), please note the images are getting saved and attached to the reports when running the tests locally.
When this line is executed, content of service-account.json file is printed on console in Jenkins pipeline.
If you store the JSON Key File and the username associated with it as a credential in Jenkins, you can then reference the key file inside of a withCredentials step (/url/) .
I should not keep Jenkins up to date.
How do you handle using PowerMockito to mock out Jenkins Job 's methods that return a RunT object when that object does n't seem to be exported from the jar.
/pre/  So that would be an issue in your case since Jenkins is still able to see the file in the repo .
When Jenkins tried to run the image I listed in the Jenkinsfile, I get this error: .
/pre/  It seems like Jenkins answers with a redirect (/code/), which the HttUrlConnections follows by default to read from, which then for some reason caused that exception.
Jenkins SCM git or svn based jobs can be started either by polling for changes or if triggered by a hook.
In Jenkins you can implement a script which checks for newly added files each time a change is detected or triggered by a hook, and skip further execution if no new files have been added.
I believe that 's happening because Jenkins encrypts passwords, so a new instance would not work unless you had the same key as before in the new instance.
$JENKINS_HOME/secret.key .
I have read a lot about it that there are different command if you are executing file search on a Jenkins Master or on a Jenkins Slave.
/pre/  Append to JENKINS_ARGS at the end of the file: .
Using Jenkins pipeline I am not able to copy artifact to a local tomcat instance .
It is very unlikely that the problem lies in Zalenium or in your test, if the same setup works in your laptop but does not in Jenkins, I would start troubleshooting by finding out what changed in the Jenkins server in the last week.
SEVERE: Failed Loading global config   java.io.IOException: Unable to read /var/jenkins_home/config.xml .
So I removed the .disabled file for that, and now it 's complaining about Jenkins not being a new enough version again (the error above).
Note: this installation of Jenkins is using a persistent storage volume, mounted with EFS.
/pre/  Please help to pass the credentials mentioned above directly via command line inside jenkins .
I have tried to find the issue, and it seems like the /code/ in the /code/ is not used when I run the script through Jenkins.
outside Jenkins) it works and i get the following (directory is /code/): .
But in jenkins it shows error /code/ and /code/.
What may be issue with my jenkins.
My jenkins error message .
errors when i try to build from jenkins: .
I can execute the script manually on the server and it works but when jenkins executes then it fails for these reasons: .
I have tried to update jenkins to latest version (2.164.2) but still same problem.
Pipe to stdout and stderr gets broken and jenkins reports this as failed build but the docker container logs shows that docker continued executing and successfully finished my gradle script.
But is it possible to configure somehow a pre-push script to be executed (maybe by Jenkins) in server-side so each time a push is received to merge something to this develop branch I execute my custom script?
I have a Jenkins job that last Friday was working, and since yesterday started to fail.
It would seem that even if you would cancel the stage from Jenkins REST API you would still fail the build.
I have a Jenkins job testing every pull request push.
Also I have local Jenkins on my Windows, tests are running under this Jenkins perfectly, but i have problem with tests from same repository running on external Jenkins (Linux) .
Why on local machine tests are done correctly, but on main Jenkins in company there are only failures caused by No webdriver is bound to current thread?
When I run the tests locally, using Jenkins (with Maven), I get the same message, but the WebDriver is actually created and runs my test cases.
In Jenkins Pipeline without /code/ access the build causes could be retrieved in the following way: .
basically I already have a running environment for executing protractor tests in docker container on Jenkins - BUT: After some time, the one test fails with "Failed to decode response from marionette" and all following tests are failing too, with the same error.
When I submit a CL it triggers multiple Jenkins jobs (pre-submits, cross reference checks, linters...) which sends flurry of build started emails and finally one email with +/-verified status.
I need to know how to write a Jenkins job which polls a GitHub repository continuously(say once in 4 hours) and send an email of commits(only the commit messages) made to that repo.
I think the problem could be related to the following Jenkins bug: /url/  (Enviroment variables are not loaded in ssh using cygwin) .
If your slave is connecting via SSH to your Jenkins server, the environment variables are lost so you ca n't run "cm" commands.
/pre/  Can anyone think of a reason why I 'd be seeing this on Jenkins but not on local Maven?
cross checked jenkins logs.
OR Jenkins should post metrics to below address /url/ .
I still do n't know why jenkins workspace directory went to read only mode as I mounted secret inside /tmp directory.
I want to pull git commit message in jenkins and send them in an email which jenkins sends for successful build.
I am using gradle 4.5 while uploading 600MB file to nexus i am getting java heap space error vai jenkins what could be the issue.
If I get it right you want your Jenkins to automatically build on push events, and on success to publish the /code/ folder to your nexus.
However, as far as I researched, it is only possible to do so providing that Jenkins server is running on k8s cluster.
RobotFramework Tests running in Jenkins are getting failed in the middle due to WebDriverException: Message: invalid session id.
I created a jenkins pipeline using DSL script and its working without any issues.
Recently noticed a behaviour that on jenkins server restart the build history of multibranch pipeline is also getting cleared.
It was problem with jenkins settings.
I know I can use .env files to define variables, but I have a problem (that is related to our Jenkins build process) that prevents me from using it.
/pre/  But there is neither a user folder on the local jenkins server or the remote server.
Cobertura was giving consistent reports on my windows machine but when I run the same build on Jenkins server and publish the report on SonarQube using a sonar scanner then I can see an inconsistent coverage report.
Working with Jenkins 2.164.3 and Subversion 1.9.7, each set up on it 's own Ubuntu Server 18.04, and each behind it 's own Apache HTTP Server with LetsEncrypt SSL certificates for HTTPS.
I am not able to post the changed commits from bitbucket to jenkins ... .
Is this correct url to pull the changes to jenkins..
The value of the credential will be the token of the service account you created for Jenkins in the cluster the agents will run on."
I expect Jenkins to only run build against the difference found between 2 snapshot UUIDs .
I want to put this repository on Jenkins, but first of all i should execute test from console, do You know how to do it?
I am creating an internal portal to aggregate Jenkins build and test data.
But when attempting to run on Jenkins I 'm getting compiler errors that seem to be thread related.
Not sure what could be causing the issue only in Jenkins, but not when run from IntelliJ.
/pre/  /pre/  Error in Jenkins: .
As far as I am aware Jenkins always grabs the latest commit with the latest commit message.
So I did change the system time zone using /code/ command and then I have restarted jenkins service /code/ it worked.
I have a gerrit server i configured to run on ubuntu 16. i 've been using a jenkins job to back up the following components periodically: .
I am using the Jenkins emailext plugin and trying to receive console output but only receive a truncated log w/o the actual error.
I want to be able to see errors in email when I am not on VPN and able to access Jenkins.
I have Jenkins Slave nodes and need to set email alert if some of the nodes are down.
/pre/  No Errors inside of Jenkins Script Console: .
After some serious debugging, I found the last script to run before Jenkins getting the render file was Adguard.
When I am trying to do it in Jenkins job (using the same npm commands) it does not give any error messages, says it built successfully but it does NOT create any files for deployment.
On the picture you can see my actual Pipeline View on Jenkins.
If you configure jenkins slave agent as a windows services, Will get the issues.
/pre/  The docker jenkins started fine &amp; i then closed the command prompt without saving the output.
Unlock Jenkins   To ensure Jenkins is securely set up by the administrator, a password has been written to the log (not sure where to find it?)
/pre/  I did try this in Groovey playground, and it did seem to work, however not here in Jenkins.
I added another service(jenkins) into the compose file and it’s up and running BUT I can’t access db service from jenkins service!
When I get the network status of their bridge network, I can see that postgres and jenkins are both added but I even can’t /code/ service by its IP address (ping 172.22.0.3) from inside jenkins service!
When I run my groovy script in Jenkins I get the following error: .
Set up the External Host in the main Jenkins configuration page under Publish Over FTP and make sure the names match.
I discovered a bug report for a mostly similar problem in the Jenkins build server: /url/ .
/pre/  In my opinion this is a bug, so I created a Jenkins issue: /url/ .
/pre/  The AWS_SECRET is a key that is pulled from the "Secret Text" on Jenkins .
However Jenkins plugin  is failing with  below error  .
Upon installation of Jenkins, I get this error.
The container is mounted with a persistent storage volume (AWS Elastic File Store) that 's currently storing all of the Jenkins instance 's user, configuration, job configurations, etc.
How do I update Jenkins without losing the info on the storage volume attached to the container?
Even if your state failed, Jenkins believe the salt command it evoked still ran successfully.
Jenkins is not able to detect the errors inside salt itself.
When this migration file is run on circleci using ansible, the script works, however, when it is run with jenkins using kubectl, the termination fails.
In my jenkins pipeline I am reading data stored in yaml file using /url/ plugin .
/pre/  The problem is, my Django and Jenkins would not run if I put this in settings.py so I am utterly confused on to where I should put this.
/pre/  It 's look as jenkins running tests asynchronously and another test removed users when this test is running.
Installing 'testcafe-browser-provider-browserstack' by package.json causes Jenkins job not to recognize 'browserstack'  .
All our Jenkins buils are triggered by gerrit on new code push.
I have a JSON payload that apparently needs to be in the URL for it to be picked up as a param in a Jenkins parameterized build - the problem is that it 's longer than 2000 characters so if I send a request to Jenkins I get: .
But i am looking for a more dynamic, the email should contain jenkins console output attached.
The job ordering is working absolutely fine and job confirming is also working fine (all is happening through Jenkins).
In the Jenkins system log, I see these errors, not sure if it 's related/ relevant .
It should n't matter but note that the Jenkins is on a computer in a internal network so I use the IP address in the url.
I do n't have a direct access to the computer where the jenkins is.
I would like to ask a question regarding Jenkins, as I am getting this error while Jenkins going to fetch sub module of the repository, it was running properly but somehow it will getting this kind of error.
/pre/  When Jenkins executes the batch file, the IE browser opens into the Login page.
For some reason, when this is executed from Jenkins it does not work.
I am able to deploy directly to AWS (using "sls deploy ...") without issue, however I am experiencing problems doing so through Jenkins.
Expected results: Jenkins is able to pull the specified SDK and build the solution Actual results: Jenkins fails to pull the specified SDK .
Is there any way to add html file to JIRA Issue/Defect from Jenkins through JIRATestResultRepoter.
Currently defect is getting raised from Jenkins Job and logs of jenkins job is getting added to JIRA Defect Description.
Moreover how can update the defect description with some simple errors for the script failure, rather than the current complete jenkins job error logs .
I am triggering a build through Jenkins, however, I am getting the following error: .
I had the same problem, I was able to execute selenium scripts through local but when tried executing on Jenkins got error "unknown error: cannot find Chrome binary".
c1xx : error C2220: warning treated as error - no 'object' file generated [C:\jenkins\workspace\ABC-DEV\ABC\ABC.vcxproj] .
/pre/  But when I committed my code, the Jenkins build got failed with the same message ERROR: Workspace has a .git repository, but it appears to be corrupt .
Inside the Jenkins pipeline execution we can call the Jenkins API (/code/) to get the information of the changeset that includes the list of new commits.
I am able to create the pull-request when I run the command from terminal but it fails when I execute it from my Jenkins Job .
When I execute the command from my command line, it works like a charm but when I run it from my Jenkins Job it fails with forbidden error .
came along this issue when we changed jenkins to be accessible via reverse proxy.
HOW can I get back my .p12 certificate file from jenkins?
Selenium scripts are running fine when i am trying to run via eclipse but it is throwing error if I am running via Jenkins.
Error in Jenkins console log : java.lang.IllegalStateException: The driver executable does not exist: /usr/local/bin/chromedriver_linux64 .
I 'm using try catch in my jenkins file, to check to see if a specific error is thrown and if it is do certain functionality .
How do I catch the actual error that was thrown rather than the hudson/jenkins wrapper?
I am running a command /code/ using Jenkins but that fails since if there is no docker container running - output of /code/ will be 0 which will fail /code/ command and jenkins job will fail.
I am able to sign apk and upload to play store manually But when I try to push APK to play store from jenkins , I am getting following error.
My school has a private gitlab server from this server I want to create an webhook to my Jenkins to trigger a build but the following error is coming up.. And I Do n't know what is going on... .
Getting the following error when testing the webhook using the by jenkins provided url to trigger: /url/ .
I 'm trying to release my library from Jenkins job using semantic-release, but I get this error: .
I click on the link gets sonar Dashboard open at localhost:9000.However,this approach is not working when some one open this jenkins setup by browser like IP:9000 then it comes localhost:9000 which is not desired because setup is not on that machine which has accessed by browser.
this files are jenkins configuration stored in JENKINS_path so i would n't like to loose them or put them elsewhere.
I had the same issue: Robolectric was working fine locally, but once pushed to Jenkins the gradle task to execute the tests fails.
This is hard to diagnose without knowing your Jenkins environment.
Following actions were performed - startup new Jenkins instance - log on as admin with initial password - enable global security JLNP on fixed port (without this, I would get a Connection Refused) - restart the jenkins server - launch the above java command (on the same Linux VM) - client does not return.
No logging on Jenkins server - When client is canceled below logging is shown .
My corporate Jenkins is hosted in a server with its own proxy setting however I need my tests to be started in a different proxy setting (https).
/code/ has one bug logged /url/ according to this /code/ is invalid, So jenkins is not able to download JDK .
Our team uses TFVC for source control, and I 'm getting the following exception when Jenkins polls for new check-ins: .
This Jenkins server is internal with no public facing IP address or host name.
Are there any other errors in the Jenkins logs that seem relevant?
Question 3 Which Jenkins logs exactly?
Script works as expected when executing directly from Jenkins server.
/pre/  But when calling the same script from Jenkins UI, it fails with below error.
I am trying to run a scenario in jenkins that works locally, but it is complaining that it ca n't find the file.
This works locally but when ran in jenkins it does n't like it and complains about unable to find file.
Error message when running in jenkins: .
I am trying to do a similar post request from jenkins pipeline however when I run my build I get an error that says that the values are missing.
Because there is no such distinction anymore in SonarQube we have to solve it in the Jenkins pipeline, expecting all non-large tests (unit tests) to succeed and allowing large tests (integration tests) to fail.
I would prefer not to display any test results in the Jenkins build but have it only in SonarQube.
When I promote a build using this user 's credentials from a snapshot repo to staging repo, the promotion process completes successfully in Jenkins output but returns an error message stating the user is not authorized to delete build info.
However, if you have any Continuous Integration server like Jenkins, it may provide the details which branch uploaded the jar file to Nexus.
I expect the same test to be executed when i run the  build on Jenkins , This is working on command prompt .
If it do works for you locally,but not from jenkins run,i have to bet that you success to uploads using your root user which is probably well configured aws_cli .
(Mainly) Jenkins pods are failing to start due to disk pressure.
Unable to mount volumes for pod "jenkins-x-chartmuseum-blah": timeout expired waiting for volumes to attach or mount for pod "jx"/"jenkins-x-chartmuseum-blah".
It 's just reporting back to me/Jenkins that it 's failed.
What is the exact problem when running with Jenkins?
P.S I am restarting the container as there is no jenkins service available.
This error broke the build in Jenkins and this solution fixed that for me.
Some times its working fine and jenkins job is successful.Some times it may fail due to server load/bad response, so we added retry command as well.
/pre/  This happens during jenkins execution only.
I am getting below error from Jenkins.
I realize that this is a couple years old, but the previous response required some additional security setup in my Jenkins instance.
And enabled tcp port on docker.service and check the test connection on Master Jenkins and It returned response.
And added Image name as bibinwilson/jenkins-slave  and connection though ssh and added credentials to connect the docker.
2) When I tell Jenkins container to use them, it stops working, saying that it ca n't read the .key file.
I installed the Jenkins plugin Test Results Analyser and restart Jenkins after install but somehow for some of my projects the Test Results Analyser stays in loading state without displaying anything.
I updated the Jenkins and all plugins hoping that after update everything working OK, but was n't the case.Please see the picture:/url/ .
I integrated Fitnesse in Jenkins and when I passed a simple testpage, it got executed but when I tried it for a Suite, it did not get execute and reported this error, can anyone help me please.
/pre/  in my Jenkins step to force /code/ usage, but still get the same error.
The error thrown when running jenkins is: /code/ (this is related to the line below: .
So I changed /code/ and /code/ to Australia/Sydney and restarted Jenkins.
I am having a problem that I cant auth to Jenkins when sending api requests, because I cant set the basic auth header, as it is already used to pass the htaccess basic auth.
When some unit tests fail Jenkins marks the build as unstable instead of fail the build.
/pre/  When Jenkins runs this, I see in the console log output that the scanner finds 46 issues.
Jenkins | Manage Jenkins | Nodes New Node [Node-1], [o] Permanent Agent [OK] Remote root directory: [D:\J2-Node-1] Launch Method: ["Launch agent by connecting it to the master"] (This wording has changed and is what 's throwing you off) [Save] .
However, Jenkins constantly complains about either a unexpected '\' character or it simply says that the path I 've given is not the OK. Or that the cmdlet is not properly used.
I would like Jenkins to simply tell me if the tests were OK/NOK (warnings/errors etc).
/pre/  This actually works when I disable CSRF protection on the Jenkins server but I obviously do n't want to do that.
Then B should have something like that in its Jenkins file: .
Go to $JENKINS_HOME/caches (on windows it is probably C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\caches) - You will find a few caches, each has .git/config file .
The issue is, the loading of the application context fails when we try to run this on machines other than jenkins.
I also have configured the service account for jenkins with required permissions.
I have a problem to get value from Jmeter variable on Jenkins(linux).
In CI tool (like Jenkins) as a part of CI even before you run maven, run the script that will check the VPN connection.
When I run the Jenkins job, slave is starting but it is not running anything from Jenkinfile instead it just shows following logs in Jenkins job console result.
At the same time Jenkins job is still running and I can see following logs.
Here it shows that Jenkins launched slave and it ran for around 105 seconds and got terminated without running anything from Jenkinsfile and it starts another slave again and again.
edit 1: I have enabled Jenkins log recorder for org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins.kubernetes at ALL level and getting following logs.
I have enabled following logging (to all) in Jenkins and checked the logs  .
/pre/  I could see Jira webhook is sending valid JSON and same is failing at Jenkins stating this error: org.codehaus.jettison.json.JSONException: JSONObject["name"] not found.
/pre/  While users have mentioned in the /url/ that files also need to be archived for the build not to fail, this work for me on Jenkins ver.
"/code/" means the Jenkins service is not running with your account, but the /url/, used as a /url/.
Container started fine and I am able to see Jenkins console perfectly.
I also installed Jenkins as standalone in the server but I am getting the same error again, which seems that it could be related to my server itself.
After piecing together many suggestions with some trial and error, I was finally able to get the Jenkins job to run remotely with the VBScript code below (with variables set to proper values such as strCrumb).
If I see on jenkins I can see that the build is failed but the message i have on slack is success.
I do not have much experience with Jenkins and am facing a weird issue which has got me puzzled.
Why I am not able to access the JenkinsUI from slave machine(M2) when I install Jenkins via war package even when the ping test is successful?
Background: The reason I want to install Jenkins on M1 using the war package and not as a windows service is that I need to trigger my UI Test Automation Scripts on the slave machine, M2 which will not be triggered when Jenkins is installed as a service.
I have running jenkins in windows machine, i have create build there and artifact is ready, But how can i transfer that artifact to remote machine.
/pre/  The above curl code with a post request is absolutely working fine in triggering the Jenkins build.
Edit: I have to run Jenkins as a Service as the Windows Server is a slave.
My jenkins master node be located in company local network.
Now I run those tests from within my Jenkins-Server: .
$ docker pull registry.access.redhat.com/openshift3/jenkins-2-rhel7:3.11.98-6      Trying to pull repository registry.access.redhat.com/openshift3/jenkins-2-rhel7 ...       error parsing HTTP 404 response body: invalid character 'F' looking for beginning of value: "File not found.\"" .
$ docker pull registry.redhat.io/openshift3/jenkins-2-rhel7:3.11.98-6      Trying to pull repository registry.redhat.io/openshift3/jenkins-2-rhel7 ...       unable to retrieve auth token: 401 unauthorized .
Gradle spring boot code analysis using SonarQube via Jenkins throws error.
/url//url/I have a jenkins server hosted on a kubernetes cluster .There 's a 99% of disk space utilized and there n number of plugins installed too.So now the problem is all of sudden the jenkins pipeline type of jobs disappears as there 's no pipeline plugin ,got un-installed from the server due to shortage of memory space.When I got into the pod ,I see all the jobs there but does n't appear on GUI .There 's error in loading the plugins too.All I want is to restore the plugins back and back-up the existing jobs too.
/pre/  I found that the class that was n't getting executed on Jenkins does work.
I do not know if there is a special way to modify permissions in jenkins, but I did make sure the actual folders within jenkins in my file system for the workspace have read/write/execute permissions.
Got the same issue and solved by changing some default Content Security Policy in jenkins: .
Another Windows server with Jenkins 3.
Your issue here is (as said by others) due to jenkins using the return code if the salt command itself and NOT the return code of the action taken by the state you applied.
While running my test case in Jenkins I am getting below error "java.lang.AssertionError: Unsupported type parameter".
One way of addressing this issue is to have a different jenkins job especially for the purpose of deleting older images.
/pre/  I tried adding JENKINS_JAVA_ARGS = -Djdk.tls.client.protocols=TLSv1.2  to force TLSv1.2, still not working.
I probably will get a null reference and the Jenkins script will fail.
Now, is anybody knows where Jenkins stores all these info?
/pre/   Set it to false, and restart Jenkins.
I dont know if i have to give this function to the own script or if Jenkins is able to read the output and send an email in funcion of it.
/pre/  However, when I run this in Jenkins, I get the following error: .
/pre/  It looks like it ca n't find my classpath... but it works locally, so I ca n't see why it would fail on Jenkins; in any case; here 's my POM File: .
How to run django and nodejs servers as background tasks in jenkins and automatically restart if changes are pushed?
Create jenkinsfile whith following functionality: -- get commitID and run codebuild with it -- get generated files of test results from s3 and pass it to jenkins -- delete generated files from s3 -- pass files to jenkins to show test results .
If you want to "get rid of" the default port 8080, you can just stop jenkins from accepting remote connections.
I want to preface by saying this all worked until SCM redid the jenkins instance, I 'm unsure of what they changed but it broke this.
However, when I build on Jenkins, I get this error:  .
I 'm running some date time format verification test in Jenkins.
Nowadays, Arquillian is launched from a Windows Server via Jenkins and the remote server with Weblogic 12c on Linux.
I 've took the points to generate a jks store and change /etc/sysconfig/jenkins file with parameters.
So I also set owner and group to jenkins for my generated selfsigned ssl certificates.
For anyone seeing this issue from within Jenkins (as we are): To enable core dumps from jenkins, edit /etc/init.d/jenkins and add "--core" to $DAEMON_ARGS.
For instance, when a commit is made that does not satisfy the condition, Jenkins correctly skips the build: /url/ However, on the Github commit history, it shows as a failure: /url/ .
However, I ca n't seem to get it to work in my jenkins environment.
We are using AWS, so one of the things we looked at was putting an ALB in front of Jenkins and then putting, but this may interfere with getting POST requests from github to trigger builds.
When I try to run this Jenkins pipeline, the following error occurs: .
I 'm trying to deploy some software using Docker / Jenkins for the first time and I 'm running into some issues with the paths.
Jenkins 2.150.3 deployment to glassfish 4.1 is failed and below is the exception.
change the permission of files to jenkins:jenkins &amp; 755 .
/pre/  to move the files into my Jenkins directory, but here lies the next problem: Since I use the -d parameter the docker cp command does not wait for the docker-compose up --build to be completely finished.
Actual result, as stated above, is either a never ending job of Jenkins, or Jenkins sending the files from docker without docker being 100% built.
/pre/  Please note I'am triggering my tests via Jenkins which is hosted on the Ubuntu instance.
Worth to clean the disk and then check the jenkins for missing plugins and jobs.
Is there any API or variables provided by Jenkins which persist the variables (even after restart).
Starting with version 1.9, Stash Pull Request Builder plugin removed the old mechanism of passing pull request data through parameters, as it was causing a large number of warnings in the Jenkins log.
In the Jenkins console output I can see Gradle starts the tests and presumably executes some but never completes them all.
we have a Jenkins pipeline that sends a sh 'curl' request to a an api/application to runs specific tests for us, and we fail/pass the build depending on the results.
But in jenkins server though the file exists it is failing with that error.
want to save the Jenkins console output to a text file in the customized path.
Again my Jenkins build fails with “Your session has expired.
Whether you are running tests on Jenkins locally or on a remote machine using Selenium Grid Architecture.
i install Jenkins on tomcat 9 behind nginx , i want to assign trusted certificate to get rid of the "your connection is not private" message.
Installed "Publish Over CIFS Plugin" and get succeeded in establishing connection b/w Jenkins and remote servers.
In local i have added the proxy setting in settings file in .m2 file so on local everything works fine, now on Jenkins i tried too do the same but did n't worked .
Afterwards, I figured out that my Jenkins build (using /code/) does n't work with the above failure.
I faced a similar issue when I tried to connect jenkins in my Windows server with my private GIT repo.
Following is the error returned in the source code management section of Jenkins job .
This error is thrown because jenkins is not able to pick the private ssh key from its user directory.
In my setup jenkins is running under local system account, so the user directory is /code/ (This is the important thing in this setup that is not very obvious).
I 'm working on getting the valgrind plugin to work in jenkins.
In my original Jenkins file I have something like this: .
Does the current running build on Jenkins still completes when you click on "Prepare for Shutdown"?
The service account jenkins does n't have privileges to list pods kube-system.
4) when this same command is put in jenkins to run as windows command, the job fails,  The code is able to connect to Rhapsody Instance, but somehow unable to open a project.
If we can assume that every Jenkins master and slave will have its MSBuild installations configured correctly, is there a way to pass those paths to the batch file?
Is there anyway I can push a local folder to git other from jenkins on Windows other then create a Windows bash job and execute the /code/ command that get te job to get stuck?
If the first manual trigger of the build is successful, then please make another test change in the repo to see if Jenkins is polling SCM or not.
Also, you may want to consider Git WebHook trigger which triggers the Jenkins build when a change is detected in the repo instead of Jenkins polling the SCM.
uninstalling the broken Jenkins with /code/, .
/pre/  Sometimes (NOT ALWAYS) when Jenkins does the build and run unit tests some of can execute tests failed with message: .
/pre/  The problem is that is happening only on Jenkins and it 's very nondeterministic.
I want to run(trigger) my jenkins job whenever a push happens to developer repository.
There is an option in Jenkins "Keep past HTML reports" just activate it and it will save old reports too.
My test case was failing when executing through Jenkins because of my Chrome Driver.
Code worked in local and file was moved successfully however the same script through Jenkins Job is not working and throwing an error -    .
I have Jenkins pipeline declarative code where i am getting error.
The issue was with the USERPROFILE with which jenkins was running.
I expect there is some provision in jenkins which can copy these local files to slave container.
I know using script works but my situation is that my jenkins stage opens one window and creates a variable and the stage is closed which closes the session and in the next stage the new session is opened but all the initial variables are lost.
I 'm sending a post request with cURL to a Splunk HTTP Event Collector (HEC) in Jenkins.
When I log into the Jenkins server and execute the curl command directly on the command line, it works.
However, when constructing the command with Java and sending it through Jenkins, it 's not logging anything.
The problem is that jenkins can not communicate with the app in the second cluster.
Hi I need to know the Upstream Branch name which triggered the downstream Jenkins job in my downstream Jenkins groovyscript , how would i know that?
At the end it came out that Jenkins had nothing to do with this problem.
restarting jenkins service and reloading did not help, file was locked.
i ended up by using powershell plugin to change content of the file - this runs without issues (some tweaking needed to use jenkins variables and double quotes) .
What could it be that makes the tests run locally and fail on Jenkins?
So I believe there 's is a permission issue on jenkins but i ca n't find the solution .
/pre/  How do I make Jenkins build fail when this test fails?
How can I add Reporter.log() on Jenkins log?
/pre/  Next I run test on Jenkins from pom.xml, test is failed, but I do n't see Reporter.log() in log on Jenkins.
What should I do to display Reporte.log() on Jenkins?
Found the solution , there was a memory issue with the AWS machine on which jenkins is deployed .
I am trying to tag an svn in a jenkins job but I am getting following error.I am using subversion V_2.4.3 and SVN Tag version 1.18. svn/svnsever/...../... does not exist in revision 112,374 .
Also I can see in jenkins console logs the changes I did in e.g.
jenkins file are considered .
i want to sent a email to the build-requestor after the jenkins build is finished.
Currently I met one problem about Jenkins.
While fetching code from bitbucket via jenkins , code -1073741510: is returned everytime.
I 'm trying to connect my jenkins with the company 's LDAPS, I added the certificate to the java keystore (I can verify it exists)  and added the environment variables regarding the path and the password of the certificate but I get "trustAnchors parameter must be non-empty" error.
In Jenkins Execution, the process hangs on /code/ and does n't move.
ssh-key has been added to Jenkins credential and I 'm not sure if it 's not responding or having a problem with proxy.
It does n't show any error message on Jenkins side so it 's embarrassing.
I have looked over internet for several solutions but could not able to access already mapped drives or map new drives from Jenkins onto slave.
All these work fine when I run locally on the slave, even though there are mounted I could not access from jenkins master through running my job, as my jenkins pipeline job and builds access these n/w shared drives.
The issue got resolved once the password of SVN user was updated in Jenkins as well.
/pre/  But when I pass the parameters like waitForQualityGate (false, "sonar") I get following error in Jenkins-  java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Expected named arguments but got [false, sonar] .
When I am not using the efs and clone on the spot instance itself everything works as expected, creating other files manually or through Jenkins on the efs also works fine.
I have observed the same issue after installing a plugin and opting to restart the jenkins when no jobs are running.
When I looked at the jenkins server process, it was running fine and no issues.
 /code/ error does not linked to Jenkins, it 's problem of your repository in common .
Currently I have a jenkins job which might be triggering from bitbucket in accordance with each pull request, currently all build triggers are going to a queue and pull request taking so much time.
I 'm attempting to build a release on Jenkins 2.150.1 and I 'm encountering an error with yarn install: /code/ .
/pre/  Then change the ownership of the Jenkins home, Jenkins webroot and logs.
/pre/  I am getting the following error in Jenkins when deploying this template: .
the test will eventually run on Jenkins and are run locally using maven.
I have jenkins pipeline which is will run automation and send the notification into flock.
Jenkins Trigger: Selected "Build when a change is pushed to GitLab" with Push Events, Opened Merge Request Events, Rebuild open Merge Requests on push to source branch and comment  .
Pipeline stays in pending state forever: If no jenkins job is running and a branch is updated, the single pipeline for a commit is created which tracks all the 3 jenkins jobs.
In this case, as soon as any of the tree jenkins project starts running, only latest pipeline change its state to running which now starts tracking all 3 jenkins jobs, and the other 2 pipelines stay in pending state forever, they never run nor get cancelled.
/pre/  EDIT: Based on comments, I attempted to add the Jenkins login information but I am still getting the 403 crumb error from Jenkins.
I am seeing some strange behavior attempting to use the Jenkins  'sidecar container' pattern in a pipeline.
But the same command in Jenkins does n't and throws the following error: .
Tests was running fine locally and were running with my jenkins server as well but somehow have started failing with error  .
/code/ is n't serializable so Jenkins does n't cope with very well.
for example my scenario is jenkins pulls the code from repository.Then i need to check whether the file package.json file is updated or not.
In Jenkins, the console output reads "cloning into directory-name" and then there 's a spinning wheel that spins endlessly and this never resolves.
Its only when I try to execute it through Jenkins that it is unable to find class Test1.
but none seem to be applicable to my case as the call is fine when its made from outside the Jenkins.
This happens in a context where the maintenance window for Jenkins might change from week to week.
I 'm setting up Jenkins to build and then send  changed files to a remote server using SSH.
But, the jenkins build is failing for some reason.
/pre/  But in jenkins, as soon as the test lane starts i am getting below exception and the build fails,  .
The trigger (a Jenkins or plugin update) is not necessarily the underlying cause of the DEBUG logs.
To fix this, I had to make several changes on my Jenkins server: .
After this, Jenkins job should start if any changes happen in that specific branch, but the first job is triggering when changes happen for any branch.
Logging to /var/lib/jenkins/.neotys/neoload/v6.10/logs, as user: jenkins No license file found for user: jenkins.
Jenkins Logs, with the relevant build info (and irrelevant parts redacted): .
/url/I have a problem,my jenkins is failing to deploy,I assume that it have an issue with Gcloud auth.but I have no idea at all,I never changed anything on jenkins script .
during jenkins deployment time i am getting below error.
Recreating it makes no difference - if you do n't expunge that folder then Jenkins' config data remains intact the next time the image is started.
I think I might be getting a proxy error and I do n't know how to print proxy in Jenkins.
NOTE: Avoid using a bind mount from a folder on the host machine into /var/jenkins_home, as this might result in file permission   issues (the user used inside the container might not have rights to   the folder on the host machine).
If you bind mount in a volume - you can simply back up   that directory (which is jenkins_home) at any time.
Treat the jenkins_home directory as you would a database - in Docker you would generally put a database on   a volume.
I am getting below exception after executing my project through jenkins.
I am trying to deploy app on glassfish4 server from Jenkins, But it shows deployment failure problem.
Not sure about the "log" type Jenkins sends back, but for instance you can try the findAll method, like this : .
Testing with Jenkins &amp; Docker, I do n't understand completely what is happening with my containers and images.
/pre/  And I received the typical messsage from jenkins installation with the initial password: .
I have a Secret text binding Variable SECRET_TKN in jenkins job configuration.
/pre/  NOTE: The permission of the file is 644 and it is owned by Jenkins user.
We are trying to get all of our scripts to run in cloud through Jenkins, however Jenkins seems to have an issue with connecting\identifying the ODBC connections for NetezzaSQL.
/pre/  And here I believe that Jenkins should identify the credentials and still run the update?
when running a jenkins pipeline job, there sometimes a sockettimeout error.
"sent ping but did n't receive pong within 1000ms in jenkins", .
/pre/  The problem is that Jenkins is running from the user jenkins.
You can see the firewall rules, because Jenkins does not connect to the remote host (Could not connect to remote /url/).
This worked fine with a previous version of jenkins and started getting this error after upgrading jenkins.
when I try to launch Nightly Job in Jenkins 2 I got the following error : .
I had the similar issue while running the tests on Jenkins.
In my local, all tests were running fine but Jenkins was giving me this error as all the plugins and dependencies had to be installed manually behind my company firewall.
I am looking for the location of .sh file which is generated my jenkins job and can be found in console output.
I get a cucumber report in Jenkins at the end of each job but what I need now is a consolidation of both reports into a single report.
In Jenkins usually it makes no problem to build any branch .
Started jenkins (it started back normally but without authentication.
If a test failed I was not able to see which test failed on Jenkins and the build was marked as failed, thus the build task stopped.
/pre/  And now the build is marked as unstable and test failures are visible on Jenkins BUT it builds the /code/ file associated with my project, despite the test failures.
How can I have both, keep seeing which test failed on Jenkins AND avoiding building the /code/?
I have a dependency which I need to use it both in server and Jenkins server.
3) From the manual: "anyone able to push commits to this SCM repository could obtain unlimited access to Jenkins" Could you explain better this point?
Jenkins though successfully installed fails to fetch plugins and gives the following output.
Changing the HTTP_PORT in /etc/default/jenkins to 9090 but it did n't work and showed the same error was there.
After changing anything I have even restarted the services of Jenkins and also restarted the server but the error was still there.
So what you do is open up the pipeline code in an IDE on your host system, edit as much as you like and execute the job in the Dockerized Jenkins without having to commit.
This error occurs when the SSH Connection Pool on the Jenkins node is too small.
I assume you have already added the root login details at "SSH remote hosts" in the "configure system" section of the jenkins.
my local code is UTF-8 and has arabic characters, uploaded to bitbucket and running through jenkins .
how to fix Jenkins encoding problems "File encoding has not been set, using platform encoding Cp1252" unmappable character (0x81) for encoding windows-1252 .
When I stop a container, it immediately starts up again, and does not show on jenkins as slaves .
Jenkins will not be able to read JUnit results from JSON files because (a) Junit 4 does not produce JSON reports, and (b) these are not JUnit reports.
If you 'd like your Jenkins job to be triggered on each commit, then it 's the SVN server that has to trigger the job.
I had the same problem trying to push code to my repo from Jenkins.
I need to run "Jenkins pipeline" automatically when /code/ happens for specific folder in master branch.
However, the problem occurs when I want to do something in the Jenkins.
I defined environment variable in declarative pipeline of jenkins and want to pass inside jelly template at the end of the pipeline so the mail about failure contains info defined within this variable .
Today I started to receive the build error with Jenkins.
My question here : How to restart Jenkins Pipeline build with the previous ( without entering the information again ) ?
You can get ur env variable in your jenkins server like this: .
Or would this change something fundamental to how Jenkins pipelines work?
My requirement is that when files get updated under this path com/test/files in nexus repo, specific jenkins job need to be triggered.
My workaround is that, when i tried giving path for specific file in jenkins job i.e., /code/ jenkins job gets triggered automatically based on the poll if there is any update.
Configuration in jenkins job:  URL: /url/ URL Response Check: Enabled Check the last modification Date Polling schedule:  * * * * * .
when there is change in files in specific path, jenkins job needs to be triggered.
When an app is deployed only its tests will be triggered in jenkins pipeline and cant run tests for a dependent app or service from its domain due to access restrictions.
On localhost Jenkins - they run successfully, but if i want put them on my company Jenkins - problems starts .
I dont know why, on local jenkins there 's no error like You need to call open(url) first.
Do You ever have problem like that with Jenkins?
Yes I faced this issue when running a plugin in jenkins where I was not able to open the rhapsody instance as it was throwing an examption.
Instead of restarting PM2 through you jenkins code, let PM2 do it by itself, using the watch flag.
/pre/  When running the tests in Jenkins I get the following: .
/pre/  I expect codebuild to connect successfully to the jenkins master using jnlp4.
In details my issue is: I am executing Jenkins master as a workflow on top of Kubernetes cluster and I would like to add external machine as a slave node to this Jenkins instance.
How do I import a call in a Jenkins GroovyScript?
Here are the error logs (running it within a Jenkins pipeline): .
I was finally able to open the Jenkins UI from a remote machine.
Jenkins was running slow due to memory issues.
Restarted Jenkins (sudo/usual way), I got the following SEVERE issue.
Finally Restarted Jenkins machine thinking that 'll help; got memory back (mem looks good now).
Trying to start Jenkins again and getting the same SEVERE issue and installation just HANGS at a given plugin while doing /code/.
SEVERE: Unable to parse provided JSON - [/var/lib/jenkins/cb-envelope/envelope.json] .
Did n't catch that this issue came sometime back and someone did disable this file for Jenkins to startup.
Once this was done /code/ error went away and Jenkins installation went a little further BUT installation halted at a given plugin.
I am having an issue with Jenkins allowing the same jobs to enter the queue which are being processed.
What methods have you used to prevent the same job from hitting the queue when it is already running from the Jenkins side?
The jenkins pipelines will run under /code/ user, which may or may not have read access to the /code/ file.
I am using Jenkins to run my test but image is not getting displayed in TestNG results however it is showing it as a link and nothing is happening on clicking this scattered image link.
Whenever I am trying to build my project using Jenkins, I am getting the following error: .
Below is my error log getting from Jenkins while building project: .
If it matters, I started the Jenkins by running /code/ .
I ran into the same problem with Jenkins/Fastlane.
Once I deleted the pull request from BitBucket Server, Jenkins registered the branch and it showed up.
Now whenever someone adds/updates anything on the bucket S3 sends an event notification the SQS which is then polled by the Jenkins AWS SQS plugin and the respective Job Build is triggered!
For this I adjusted the configuration in the server.cfg accordingly and it also shows in the Jenkins server log, that this configuration is used: .
Jenkins is working properly itself but in conjunction with proxy server it fails for specific URLs.
When accessing Jenkins with bypass of proxy server, there 's no any problem.
When accessing Jenkins with domain name it firstly goes thru Server 1, then redirects HTTP to HTTPS and then accesses Server 2.
however, when I checked in my Jenkins job it does not show me the B***uild when an issue is updated in JIRA*** but it shows when I go to View Configuration in the particular branch.
I m trying to retrieve the short commit id from jenkins file.
how can I get the short commit id of the subfolder on jenkins?
figured out that the node versions are different from Jenkins and the workspace and hence this issue has occurred.
It is also not showing up in Jenkins >> Node .
When using pitest with maven (and java 11) on the commandline it works as expected, but when running it on the Jenkins-Server via declarative pipeline it results in an error.
Plugins were updated on our Jenkins, after which Jenkins entered the "safe-shutdown" mode, blocking all of our nightly scheduled jobs.
When I start a job on this agent, ECS task shows PENDING and then STOPPED and the Jenkins job is stuck with a message that agent is offline.
Am I making a mistake with the Jenkins file?
I am running jmeter test from jenkins.While running a job ,job is failing because of memory issue.
= = = = = Getting java.lang.StackOverflowError when unstashing in Jenkins on Windows 10; happens on one server but not another.
Reboot Jenkins master and slaves -- yes.
2) Jenkins should push this image to the DTR .
3) Jenkins should launch these pushed images to the containers in the remote vms.
How to trace Cloudformation events from a Jenkins Job after create/update stack initiated without using Jenkins-cloudformation plugin?
However, I 'm trying to get everything into a CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins, and that 's where the issues come in.
Problem was that I needed to run as myself instead of as jenkins.
If your /code/ does n't match your username (it is most likely that /code/ will return jenkins as the username), we have some configuring to do.
When I launch the agent, Jenkins can reach it and it puts the remote.jar in the requested folder, but it still has an issue starting the agent.
/pre/  Agent is running adoptopenjdk 11 with eclipsej9, /code/ is all information I get back from Jenkins.
The physical PC, which will be the jenkins slave, will be connected to the development board.
Finally, you must get Jenkins to recognize the new content since Jenkins caches everything.
I have used the .env file to provide some variables and credentials how can I create this file while this Jenkins job is running.
When I checked with the console output of Jenkins, it showing everything successfully.
My expectation over here was to have my test run successfully on Jenkins node.
After appropriate volume mounts, you can verify by creating a session in the jenkins container with /code/ and test with /code/.
Jenkins pulls them, and writes them into an /code/ file.
Jenkins removes everything from the target server(s).
I ran into an issue where I have a single Jenkins Executor on Master Node.
How do I get this to work if jenkins is running on an EC2 instance that has the s3 permissions attached already?
Credentials are configured in Jenkins but there 's an error suggesting they are not.
I am trying to do build install on my Jenkins and I am getting the error: .
If this is really such a big issue you could compile jenkins yourself and change this separator.
I had reboot Jenkins, and still could not find it.
No error logs, jenkins running on the tomcat instance is shutting down running on a linux machine.
Post that when i created jenkins user and navigated to jenkins home page it displays errors as shown in below screenshot.
Also, the same url gives result on wget on server(ubuntu) hosting jenkins.
Maybe this Jenkins plugin could solve your problem: /url/ .
PORT will changing from 8080 to 8081 restart the jenkins .
It receives filenames available locally in the Jenkins workspace, reads the files, and attempts sending their contents to an endpoint.
I need to notify the users in for the failed job in jenkins pipeline, the email should indicate the stage at which pipeline failed with the job link of which is failed?
It will set up Jenkins as a service that will restart automatically if the server reboots .
Put your execution log into property file and expose as artifact in Jenkins Job - /url/ .
I have already tried passing parameters like you 're or we 've, by doing this: you\ 're as well as you\'\re but the Jenkins job automatically fails, but youre and weve works just fine.
I just edited the Jenkins file to delete them before packing.
Jenkins build is failing on all nodes except one I am getting below error while building a docker image .
Here is the code that collect the information inside the shared library, which is called by the jenkins job .
Even if I remove the repository from the Jenkins configuration and then re-add it, it still appears with the box checked.
Every time that this Jenkins job is executed, a fetch from the repository is done (to get the latest version of the Jenkinsfile).
I ensured and verified that the file has full permissions to execute from Jenkins user.
/pre/  The Jenkins server that I am running the job on cannot access "some_internal_corporate_repo".
I saw the /url/ and it 's using a single jenkins instance running in dev, but the document does not deal with the network access subject.
which has the effect of really corrupting the display output of any logging info when the ClientBasic runs as part of my integration test - run locally from the command line or in Jenkins (using mvn ...) - strangely it still works fine when I run it from inside the IDE - maybe its not calling the failsafe plug-in directly ?
I have a problem with pom.xml file, when i run my build now in jenkins, immediately i have this result: .
Error: Malformed POM C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\sonarqube-trigger-prueba\pom.xml: Unrecognised tag: 'dependency'.
Start Jenkins with parameter to create a heapdump on crash and run analyzer tool.
If I click "Unlink", this parameter disappears from the root page (but is still there inside the jenkins step).
However when I try and pull on a Jenkins kube agent it doesnt seem to be able to get the key from the master correctly.
I am using Jenkins Config as Code to add it from the AWS Parameter Store, so I think it is something going wrong here, as if I dump the contents of the secret from Parameter store and copy and paste that into the credential through the Jenkins UI the job works.... .
However, I do n't know how this chunk of text can get sent to Jenkins.
I know I can pass data from a web app to Jenkins with the Build With Parameters API, which I 'm currently using for a Username and Password field, but sending a whole email message as a parameter sounds incorrect.
I installed Allure plugin in Jenkins, added configuration to Jenkins job: /url/ However, after Jenkins job is finished I see that in Console Output some tests are passed, but it 's shown that number of tests that were passed/running/failed is 0.
/pre/  However, when I attempt to run this in Jenkins, I get the following error message: .
Your main problem because user that being used through Jenkins, probably named /code/ does not have the enough permission to run docker.
it works fine when running directly in the host server , but when tried to execute from jenkins build step, i 'm getting  a failure that file not found.
That error come with the fact that you have installed Jenkins via Helm, and their plugins through the Jenkins UI.
It works if you decide to never reboot the pod, but if one day, jenkins have to make his initialization again, you will face that error.
Jenkins try to load plugins from the JENKINS_PLUGINS_DIR, which is empty, so the pod die.
I can connect to Rally from Jenkins and update the rally user story with hours and status but I am getting RallyException error on build as it gets build on Jenkins after commit to master.
My c# program does not get my ip address if executed by jenkins while it does being executed without.
Jenkins runs on the same machine and is started as a service by local system account.
/pre/   which prints my IPv6 and then my IPv4 address without jenkins.
I 'm using Jenkins pipeline but since the last update it fails during /code/ with: "ERROR: No jenkins.plugins.nodejs.tools.NodeJSInstallation named 12.5.0".
Jenkins does not appear to be ready to handle them, and crashes.
Visiting the main Jenkins page will show a big fat stack-trace and nothing else.
The catch is that, in order to properly upgrade the plugins, you need Jenkins to be up-and-running, but the offending plugins prevent Jenkins from getting to the needed up-and-running state in the first place.
Get Jenkins to a point where it can initialize and remain in a running state; .
Restart the Jenkins service and return to normal operations.
causes Jenkins to stop trying to load the SAML-related Java class, which allowed it to boot in my case.
This will allow you (well, anyone really, hence the security warning above) to temporarily access your Jenkins instance as an Anonymous Administrator.
Jenkins can even deal with credentials so that there 's not in plain text.
You can also configure email alerts in the jenkins job to notify when a build (or test) fails.
I am guessing this particular case has nothing to do with Jenkins pipelines, since it can be reproduced outside the Jenkins in the console.
For that reason, I 'm calling that Jenkins URL with the Basic auth header, with the following /code/ command: .
Has anyone performed a Jenkins job launch with a basic auth header?
i 'm interested in something to strictly help me migrate schema changes, and if it could be implemented within Jenkins then it 's even better.
I 've got Test Results Analyzer running on Jenkins and it worked great for nearly a year, then it started killing jenkins.
Click on the Test Results Analyzer link in the side, and the whole of jenkins just dies.
The most likely issue is that pitest is being executed by jenkins in an environment where the tests have not been compiled.
I found out that the jenkins server was not connected to the DNS and needed the IP of the JIRA server instad of the hostname.
In Jenkins an others c.i servers there are two techniques to detect scm source changes: .
Issue was caused by JCasC not being able to get the Parameters from AWS, so the Jenkins Credentials were corrupt (blank).
Now, when I do a pull request, or whenever I post a change to a pull request, Jenkins run a fresh build for that branch.
Restart jenkins link in browser and it opened normally.
The turnover for this error is manually delete this user in jenkins x using: /code/ but I think this is not the expected behavior.
/pre/  I also have a generic jenkins pipeline which run the gradle build using /code/ when i ran the build it failed with the following error  .
Please let us know what change i need to make in wget command to pull the artifact from nexus 3 and build my jenkins job successfully .
Years ago I would just install Jenkins and hook it up to Artifactory but now I 've bounced off this problem twice so far because Jenkins has just become incomprehensible.
My files exist locally, which I can see in the Jenkins workspace after the build fails.
I am copying files to a new Jenkins server.
Can I also find and copy the Managed Files from the Jenkins server directly, so I can copy these to a new server?
Xvfb starting$ /bin/Xvfb -displayfd 2 -screen 0 1024x768x8 -fbdir   /var/lib/jenkins/xvfb-272-..fbdir6345857630426455925 FATAL: Cannot run   program "/bin/Xvfb": error=2, No such file or directory   java.io.IOException: error=2, No such file or directory .
Jenkins job is unable to checkout code .PFB error.
I 'm use Jenkins 2.164.3 and trying to clone a repository with Git Plugin I get the error " authentication failed", because for some reason git plugin add "%24" in front of my password read from password parameter.
We have jenkins running on EFS and we also have a backup that saves jenkins_home directory to a .zip file in S3 but in case of Disaster Recovery we need to recover EFS from S3 where after uploading the file on EFS mount, it takes 5-6 hours to unzip the .zip file (about 10GB-12GB).
Also, if we can exclude any files from jenkins home directory to reduce the actual size of the backup?
In Jenkins we recently started getting the following error: .
But when I execute this file from Jenkins or from local pom.xml file, I get the below exception.
We would like to have jenkins provide a usable port to bind a test server to in a job but it appears that the /code/ closure is no longer valid in pipelineJobs per /url/.
The problem comes when I use jenkins to run my playbook, since I 'm using k8s jenkins plugin, the executor will only spawned whenever the jobs get queued, and before I can ran my playbook, I have to clone my ansible repository.
/pre/  Now, upon building the project on Jenkins I am getting the following error.
I have a small test stage in Jenkins groovy script to get the branch values by looping into a csv file , this works fine when I do n't include the HELM_REPO_BRANCH in the loop but fails with java.io.NotSerializableException: com.xlson.groovycsv.CsvIterator error if i try to fetch the value from another function.
It should not need a CI server like Gitlab/Jenkins to save scarce resources on my Raspberry, though having a minimal web UI (running on the RPI) about the build status wo n't be too bad.
When I run a script in jenkins the following error is displayed: .
This requires me somehow passing "arguments" through Gitlab to Jenkins with each merge request.
My only thought so far is to perhaps have a file that gets pushed with the commit that Jenkins can look at when it runs its jobs.
Does logs generated by Jenkins console output contain these type of information?
I am finding an issue while exporting an IPA from an xcarchive file using xcode in jenkins machine.
But /code/ is not in /code/ of /code/, so you will get following message in jenkins log: .
I am trying to create a job through jenkins REST API in Python, but i am getting the /code/ error that says it is forbidden for the url.
There is no CSRF protection enabled for my jenkins instance and i am not sure what else is the problem .
When I restart my new Jenkins master, accessing it via /url/ will redirect me to /url/.
I also try copying entire JENKINS_HOME (/url/) directory and yes, it 's still redirecting to /url/.
Another problem is that I 'm using /code/ and /code/ plugins and if I do n't install these before performing thinBackup migration, Jenkins will fail to start up and restart itself forever.
/pre/  I then get the following error: 5: /home/jenkins/workspace/Test@tmp/durable-8943e08e/script.sh: docker: not found .
/pre/  Jenkins build is not triggering after the push statement .
I need to do this because it is what will happen on Jenkins.
I am running the basic web opening script though Jenkins but it is throwing me Error like /user/bin/google-chrome is no longer running and script terminated.
But when I trigger the scripts from jenkins I get this error.
If this process is killed, then Jenkins never discovers that your script has terminated, and the step hangs forever.
A background process touches a specific file on the agent every 3 seconds, and the Jenkins master checks the timestamp on that file as a proxy to know whether the script is still running or not.
The problem is, when I use /code/ to view this Jenkins report from my local machine, I am not able to open the screenshots or link to other html pages from the main report.
The Jenkins URL is added in the Trusted sites and pop ups are allowed in my local machine browser.
C:\jenkins\AngularPipeline>sc \ start w3svc  [SC]   StartService: OpenService FAILED 5:   Access is denied.
access denied only comes while this script run under the jenkins groovy.
When tried to accesses the report "{jenkins_utl}/job/TestingAutomation/HTML_20Report/" , it shows "refused to connect" within the frame.
for example : get file name from input field and run a jenkins job which should use the value (file name).
Trying to persist my jenkins jobs on to vsphere storage when I delete the deployments/services.
/pre/  I expect the jenkins jobs to persist when I delete and recreate the deployments.
/pre/  When we run the build with tycho using Jenkins we are getting following error: .
/pre/  The problem arises due to the fact that no matter if the selenium test fails, Jenkins always shows is as success.
Is there a plugin able to run selenium .side files on Jenkins and this one showing the success/failures of the test?
I have written a groovy script to run a curl command on a dynamically created slave on jenkins and have also configured slave to run curl commands,but getting the above mentioned error in my jenkins console.
But when I call the groovy script file using Jenkins it gives the error /code/.
After pushing, Jenkins apply changes and we waste a lot of time to find errors.
– Nirbhay Singh 16 hours ago 1 Performed below changes in Jenkins file at /etc/sysconfig/Jenkins location.
Added -Dhudson.spool-svn=true in JENKINS_JAVA_OPTIONS argument.
– Nirbhay Singh 16 hours ago 1 JENKINS_JAVA_OPTIONS = "-Dhudson.spool-svn=true " Update at location /etc/sysconfig/jenkins file – .
When I apply the sudo chmod 755 command and run the jenkins job, the permission will revert back and the same error will occur.
As you see in the error message, there is no folder after the first slash, where it 's supposed to be the name of the user, in my case /jenkins/.gitconfig .
But after configuration it shows error as jenkins.plugins.publish_over.BapPublisherException: Failed to add SSH key.
When i try to build it in jenkins, i get an error message looking like this:  .
/pre/  in regular Jenkins server, it runs without any issues.
So I am running my tests using Jenkins, the Pipeline script is doing all for me but the build is failing at the point where it 's saying: /code/ for each tests and at the end of the log is also saying: /code/ .
A red error message will show up if Jenkins cannot access the repository.
Furthermore, I do n't have access to the server that Jenkins runs on because it 's managed by a separate team, so I ca n't go into JENKINS_HOME.
Error: Failed to apply catalog: Validation of Exec[reload-jenkins] failed:  .
You can generate a Junit test report file and then use the Jenkins Junit plugin after your tests execution.
Leave the username and password empty And go to .jenkins folder and update the URL from https to Http in the hudson.model.UpdateCenter.xml file.
For anyone that is interested, I ended up solving this by pinging the Jenkins server directly for the build status.
I noticed an overnight Jenkins job had a failure in Junit report, but not in Cucumber.
The Jenkins Location URL is set to the instance address known by nginx.
As far as both are within containers linked to a dedicated docker network where jenkins is known as jenkins_ci, the address is /url/.
On the jenkins container log I also have : /code/ .
/pre/  I make some progress regarding the error message in jenkins log : .
Got similar problem when try to generate XML test report for my Jenkins build.
For some unknown reason to me Jenkins keeps retrying a failed build indefinitely after a build failed.
Caution: Depending on your Jenkins configuration, some workspaces may not get automatically cleaned up after a period of inactivity.
/pre/  I need to come out (clean exit) from jenkins build after deployment stage is successful.
I used a Jenkins job that gets executed when the URL has been requested.
If Jenkins understands that branch is deleted, It automatically deletes the pipeline.
ensure that unix:///var/run/docker.sock is mounted as volume inside jenkins container.
A problem occurred starting process 'command '/var/jenkins/workspace/Portal_RTC/liferay-workspace/build/node/node.. .
/pre/  to get all the files that changed with the merge that triggered the Jenkins build.
I am running pytest tests in a Jenkins scheduled job and generating a junitxml report as the following  .
Anyone succeeded in showing the output of passed tests when using pytest + junitxml publisher in Jenkins ?
/pre/  but I have a jenkins error that the jenkins_script.sh cannot find specific folders in the container.
It seems as if I have to mount everything of the nodejs inside my jenkins container and instantiate the nodejs container from there?
The real problem with that is when the QWebView is launch, I have to login everytime I have a parameterize job even if I have set my token or I am logged on my jenkins server with my browser.
/pre/  I am not sure, but I would imagine there could be some negative security implications for the host of the Jenkins Master due to mounting its own Docker socket and Docker executable into the container; however, I would leave that up to someone more knowledgeable about Docker 's internals to determine.
In our case both Jenkins and SonarQube were running on the same machine behind a reverse proxy.
I have a problem with the jenkins_plugins module.
Because I 'm deploying the application without sending the profile, it is taking default as the profile and application is trying to reach /code/ which does n't exist and therefore the health check on the application is failing as a part of the jenkins pipeline.
The execution is completed in the node but it is not coming out of Jenkins.It is not showing any error message in the console output.
Here are the two tests below: The Google Test is passing, but the Jenkins Test is failing, with the error message above.
The IP address for the Jenkins test, when I access it in the browser hits the Jenkins server so I know the IP is correct.
I stopped jenkins, manually deleted those keys from each template and started.
But the tests always failed miserably in Jenkins CI with the /code/ never rendered.
I am getting error while i am trying to run /code/ script in jenkins on /code/ : .
/pre/  And that works only if I try to build the last flavor, otherwise I have to copy dexguard-license to home folder (which is n't a problem locally, but it is a problem on Jenkins).
After successful installation, I can be able to run Jenkins Server on port 8080.
I tried to uninstall the jenkins and retried from the beginning, but still facing same issue.
In build stage of aws-codepipeline I set up jenkins and on execution it gives following error on build stage while executing /code/ .
I found that the whole space of 28G was filled by the log files of jenkins /code/.
I have a value I need masked in log output that is used to generate the Cucumber Reports for my Jenkins jobs.
When I run the pipeline, the environment variable pulls through perfectly but because the carriage return seems to exist, then I get the following error in my jenkins console: .
It looks like widget is not able to access the URL whereas manually I can access the URL (/url/) and also it looks like the error message comes from the Jenkins API call.
/pre/  CREDENTIAL-ID1 is a Global credential id and as far as I noticed, it can be used in other pipelines within Jenkins.
I can run minitest through terminal command, but when I run the same command through jenkins, it throws "ArgumentError: invalid date" on all my test cases.
But will through 'invalid date' through jenkins .
And in the process of executing through jenkins, I can see rollback in the log.
user: admin  pass: go to C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\secrets and open the file initialAdminPassword .
Have any other fargate ECS jenkins cluster needed to handle the passRole/trust relationship?
After upgrading jenkins and then upgrading all of its plugins I began to see errors.
First, I saw errors in the jenkins log about adding iam:PassRole missing from my ecs controlling policy.
"/usr/local/bin/ansible is not a directory on the Jenkins master (but perhaps it exists on some agents)" is the error I get when I try to put the ansible path .
I have the below code, somehow I just cant seem to pass the parameters to Jenkins: .
Once exited, I wish my Jenkins job to fail immediately.
However, when it finishes it does n't exit the process, but remains stuck until I press Ctrl + C. This is important as I want to use it as a command in Jenkins, and it happens that in Jenkins it would n't finish ever given what I have just mentioned.
Executing the tests in a Jenkins pipeline although the reports generated are n't containing the BehaviorSpec steps.
to confluence when our Jenkins build status change from stable to unstable/failed but not in subsequent consecutive failures.We tried using flexible publish with conditional actions.
Problem : Jenkins is not able to create pod for testing on the cluster.
If I check the configuration of that particular kubernetes cloud in the configure system console, it is as per expectation (the IP, token, jenkins url etc).
I 've tried removing the repository name from the Repository URL, but then Jenkins says it ca n't connect to the repository (as you might expect).
The problem is when i build with jenkins the war file come without the jasper (.jrxml/.jasper) files inside the package, only .class files.
I have a jenkins job which is running to test my code in managed environments, after it run successfully, I need call a API to get the environment info and consolidate all the test result and environment info together as the email body and send via email.
/pre/  I want the Editable Email Notification plugin in jenkins could get the groovy result  by referring $MESSAGE_BODY but seems it always null.
Authentication for some of the Jenkins servers still work fine.
This is the error which I can see happening in Jenkins log when I try to authenticate through the Crowd 2 plugin in Jenkins: .
/pre/  Does anyone have any idea why Crowd 2 plugin of Jenkins throws the above mentioned error?
However, when we do another build from Jenkins (with no changes to the code, but a fresh build and deploy and scan), we see everything succeeding and no errors that we can see.
I used a security group that I had assigned to Jenkins build slaves which also communicate over port 22 and I have n't had any issue with accessing them from any part of my infrastructure.
The /code/ file is required to connect to remote host wia Jenkins.
Then, you can connect to remote server from Jenkins UI directly.
I can make it work by redirecting the console to a file, but that wo n't work for Jenkins and it wo n't work if I start the tests altogether because I want to see the result on the console obviously.
I am trying to write a plugin which will run on remote jenkins slave, the debugging with breakpoint works fine on the local side, but when I try to debug the job which running on the remote slave, the breakpoints no works anymore.
And I am trying to trigger post-commit script that need to initiate Jenkins job for each commit to repository.
When I run jobs it them, Sometimes jenkins agent is able to run full build but most of the times it dies with "Resource temporarily unavailable".
Can someone shed light on why jenkins is acting in this manner?
I am trying to grab the changed files in my last commit as part of my Jenkins process.
My initial thought was that Jenkins was n't up to date with my repository so I decided to run... .
/pre/  Furthermore because I had permission denied on the docker command inside the jenkins container I changed the permissions of the docker.sock in /var/run to  .
/code/ -- this line means that in case there are slave registered to jenkins with ansible installed you can use them --> this error is generic.
I do n't have access to the Jenkins server that I would add the keys there.
As long as /url/ used by Jenkins X (See jx\pkg\gits\bitbucket_cloud.go) has n't been fixed, you 'll run into this error.
This sudo user would however also change file permissions to its own user for newly created files such that the next steps in the Jenkins pipeline can no longer read the files.
Access your jenkins master node: .
The .war file built on Jenkins fails with Spring Beans Cyclic Dependency resolution error, while the same code when built on local(Mac OS) or on RedHat server works fine.
The error which we are getting on Jenkins built jar is below, .
Least any help on getting the JIRA ISSUE ID in jenkins as variable would help in coming up with shell script.
I can do this no problem by starting the basic multi-threaded server in a Jenkins job but when I do, the job never finishes unless the server closes.
Is there any way I can deploy the server with a Jenkins job but have the job mark it as a success when the server is deployed rather than when it terminates?
/pre/  I can see why Jenkins sees the job as still running, as the code is still running but I would like to mark the job as a success once the server.java is running with no exceptions.
I 'm trying to push some large (Over 500MB) docker images from an EC2 instance I have, and I keep getting an error in the middle of the upload ("jenkins" is the user name):  .
Jenkins requested the update of several plugins and I updated them, but when I restarted it I get the following error: .
unexpectedly, jenkins announced:  Failed to stop ***Service.service: Interactive authentication required.
At work I am even running Jenkins with that script but it is bit more complicated in its configuration to be shown in public.
/pre/  Expected jenkins build to pass and the json file to get modified but I get the following error message: .
However, I 'm trying to map a specific attribute and it 's not working, it looks like it 's not even found, even though I see it in the webhook data that is received by Jenkins (checked the logs) the attribute is "issuelinks" .
But when jenkins reaches this code below  .
I wish to connect to mysql database by passing host, port, and credentials in Jenkins pipeline for Select / Insert queries to an existing database table.
As, I have understood there is no good plugin that works for MySQL connectivity (tried a couple which do not mask the password) I decided to set the MySQL hostname and Port as environment variables and username and password as credentials in Jenkins.
I found out that my username was for someone reason set in the hostname under credentials for Jenkins.
Deleting the same from the Jenkins credentials resolved the hostname issue for the slave node and now I m able to enter the correct IP.
The problem is when I try to recreate the same setup on Jenkins.
File is running in the account where the Jenkins node is, its not assuming role into other accounts, not getting any errors.
I am running Jenkins from the WAR file on Windows.
How do i make jenkins locate this testng-results.xml?
On Jenkins, check the error message for the git-hash-string.
Most probably the error indicates that Appium installation on Jenkins node is absent or corrupt.
I have a downstream jenkins job(B) which now gets triggered automatically by upstream job(A) if it is stable.
Uploading a zip file to sharepoint with a curl request in Jenkins pipeline, timing out with "curl: (28) Connection timed out after 300905 milliseconds" .
I have tried reformatting the request and changing syntax in Jenkins but no joy.
/pre/  The curl request works outside of jenkins but not as part of the script.
Everything works as expected, but once in while, Jenkins loses all connectivity to the Docker server.
But why would it only break connections from the Jenkins server and not my PC?
I want to use job1 workspace in job2(cd to job1 workspace using jenkins pipeline) But i am getting below error.
/pre/  I do n't know why this happens but it might have something to do with how Jenkins sets the context for the Docker build.
I currently have one Jenkins server that build a Docker image, save it (docker save) and send it over ssh to a second server.
I can see that the problem is causing because i am building the image with Jenkins (ausing a "jenkins" user).
I 'm trying to deploy in docker container using Jenkins on windows but my build failed with following errors.
After this change, Jenkins still keeps only 30 builds of the job.
This issue occurred as Jenkins could not access the IP address I was using for the sharepoint.
/pre/  Make sure there is no ruby ​​in the jenkins server .
The real cause is /code/, i before used /code/, which makes jenkins run its job on docker image.Then i change it to /code/, so job will run on the server jenkins is deployed on.
/pre/  You can also access the builds with stored artifacts on your jenkins master, f.e.
When i am running my jenkins job on linux server i am getting below error  .
should I change especially path for downloading files for Jenkins or something else is wrong?
The same dockerfile works with Jenkins but I do n't know how to solve this ssh-key error on a Hosted Ubuntu Agent.
/pre/  Our integration tests will be executed on a shared Linux Jenkins test server.
How can I connect to updated ‌jenkins instance through java code?
I am running script through jenkins and the Invoke command should fail as the file already exits and should reach exit code 1 and error out and show a fail in jenkins but instead it still is exiting 0 as green .
If I try access the same API from Jenkins pipeline, I get below response .
I am looking for a way to avoid updating Jenkinsfile every time environment related information changes and move it to Jenkins or somewhere.
When you run tests from jenkins, by default jenkins downloads files in location  .
/pre/  While this job is running I terminate it manually by clicking the Jenkins "Cancel" button and I expect the sending of email to continue until completion and to keep logging to the Jenkins' UI terminal.
But if i am using this /code/ in my Jenkins-pipeline in the build-step, it does not work, i have error.
/pre/  This works fine locally however in Jenkins, I 'm seeing this error .
The problem I am facing is that: when jenkins pipeline is run, it cannot login to the unix box.
I am using jenkins-pipelines for code deployments.My jenkinsfile is placed in a different repository than the source code.When i added polling for source code, the job is polling jenkinsfiles also though both fall in different repositories.
/pre/  Error Jenkins .
Then, I go to the jenkins logs, and the only this related is...
From the Jenkins log at around 8:45: .
Is there any build-in Jenkins variable to find out the job status?
I then attempt using this agent in Jenkins, and print /code/ to verify the above environment variables are, but they not there and also /code/ fails`.
I have a jenkins multibranch pipeline where I run terragrunt code, in order to clean up the output logs I would like to redirect the terragrunt destroy output to a txt file and archive it.
Locally everything works as expected, but on jenkins the txt file is empty .
i have made a jenkins job which is executing code form my local machine but when i am executing code it build is getting success.but when i am calling it is showing test is fail while report is genrated have below error message.
So under Build Status(cucumber reports plugin) - Cucumber Reports in Jenkins I gave "Number of failed scenarios" = 10 However still job is not passed.
I recently upgraded to Jenkins 2.192, and my applications started failing with the following error: .
/pre/  I do not see the problem after downgrading to Jenkins 2.189.
I hit the issue with Jenkins 2.192 (also seen with 2.196) .
I need my Jenkins build to fail in case zero artifacts are uploaded into the artifactory.
It 's a bit difficult to see without direct troubleshooting, but the log points to Jenkins (through the /url/) not being able to talk to the kube-apiserver because it has been denied.
I would like a scirpt that I can run in jenkins, that connects to windows server.
/pre/  Jenkins can notify users about failed tests(jobs) with sending email or json notify.
Getting issue when I build jenkins job.
The following error is what I receive consistently during jenkins build, no matter which combination I try.
/pre/  Kindly let me know how this docker build run (through jenkins in a     container) issue can be solved.
Another approach (more complicated) is to stored a file in a source control, and let Jenkins download the file, read the data within the file and read the URL 's.
I must be going about this the wrong way or something because I assumed it would be an extremely common use case, but I ca n't find any info on it anywhere, and I do n't see any Jenkins Apache httpd plugins .
You can solve this temporarily by disabling CSRF security in Jenkins Server.
When i copy the jars built either locally or using Jenkins i am seeing this error.
I am using Jenkins extended email plugin to send an email on job success or failure.
I am setting up my project in jenkins and i see a strange error.
I am getting compilation error in jenkins, however i dont see the same compilation error in eclipse and command line.
I am running webservice test in katalon/jenkins, but it gives me error in generating variables, can anyone please tell me what am I missing here?
/pre/  When I run it in Jenkins, it is giving me an error upon generating global variables.
Trouble is jenkins is alway asking for in-process scrip approval for the signature: .
GET and POST on jenkins/scriptApproval .
Here, /code/ is same for everyone because, that is going to run in Jenkins machine itself.
The above ip is your private machine 's ip and 5000 is your mapping port /jenkins:latest is your image name which is present in your private registry, you can check it @ localhost:5000/v2/_catalog  .
/pre/  This sh is not allowing me with the login enabled Jenkins instance also returns a lot of garbage content in GitLab runner .
/pre/  Sometimes if you are running automation script in Jenkins(CI tools), you might also face the issue from above transform code where content of browser is scaled out not the actual browser, in those condition you can try out to resize the browser window: .
When talend job fails it displays the error but the jenkins job still shows it as success.
Since msiexec.exe can handle only 1 installation at a time, any parallel installation which starts throws an error and jenkins job hangs!
I have installed jenkins(version 2.176.3) recently and when i try to test my "E-mail Notification" configuration i am getting below error, .
I have tried to reinstall multiple versions of jenkins but still getting same result.
The only problem is that I cant pull the git repo inside the composer.json file (giving permission denied), my thinking is that jenkins doesnt store the ssh keys, it only execute when its building and then remove, am i right to think this?
I have a spider that when ran locally yields all results as expected, but when I run it on AWS through Jenkins I seem to not be able to connect.
i found out that the workspace that it 's trying to access is n't on the Jenkins server but on another server that the test is connecting using 'SSH site'.
The build job in jenkins pull the repo and then starts to build the image but takes too long or ends in failure.
I want Jenkins to get exit code zero from pytest even if there are failed tests but I also want other errors to be marked as failures.
/pre/  I have tried to catch exit code 1 (meaning /url/) but Jenkins still received exit code 1 and marks the build as FAILURE: .
/pre/  however, when I run the exact same thing via Jenkins, I do get the following: .
note that the Jenkins-service is being executed with the same account as when run locally.
Now, i want when a pull request is open from my fork to the main repo, a job to be triggered on the Jenkins.
With this approach the Jenkins build is failing with below error, .
Publishing Extent Reports in Jenkins using HTML Published Plugin, the results do not display in a proper format.
/pre/  Once Jenkins is restarted, the same issue happened.
I 've seen many discussions on-line about Sonar web-hooks to send scan results to Jenkins, but as a CodePipeline acolyte, I could use some basic help with the steps to supply Sonar scan results (e.g., quality-gate pass/fail status) to the pipeline.
You can go for Service currently running in your machine( Win + R ) seach for Jenkins and Click on restart  .
Github will never reach to your Jenkins Server as your server is only accessible with-in network.
Run jenkins on some remote server with Internet access and give that IP in the webhook of the Github  .
want to send some Service hook event metadata infomrationto jenkins pipeline, such as commitid, author username and email.
But due to security policy of the company,  server(wherever Jenkins is running) will be shutting down or restarting automatically after 24 hours.
Jenkins is executing internally, Console is running for Web services.
/pre/   the jenkins job snipped which will push data into elastic.
Running on my machine and ssh-ing on to 1 node is sufficient enough to complete the test however when moving the commands to a Jenkins script I get this response .
How to run the batch script from the server to trigger a job in Jenkins which uses global credentials (secret file) like a password for a database server?
I have created one parametrized job in Jenkins which executes the bash command placed on server to take a database backup, for which this batch job uses a database password from Jenkins 's global credentials.
Can this batch script utilize the global credentials from Jenkins (in this case, the database password?)
/pre/  I want to run the batch script from the server which uses the Jenkins stored global credentials like the db password.
Are you and the Jenkins machine on the same network / using the same access point?
Adding some addition debug lines in our jenkins-file shows that the pipeline always returns false.
To narrow down  if the issue related to Azure DevOps server/TFS side or Jenkins, you should first try to make git command works properly with git remote, through git bash.
The Jenkins log gives the following: .
When I log in to the Jenkins container and look in the workspace, it contains the changed file.
Jenkins configuration seems to rely a lot on the concepts of branches and pull requests.
While Building My code in jenkins , I am getting  following error, .
The instance of the application being tested is n't on the same server as the tests being run, or the jenkins server .
I installed Jenkins as a service a long time before on my slave machines.
So the Jenkins service 's code stored on the slave is outdated.
I removed every jenkins-slave.
* file, leaving only the jenkins_agent.pid file and the folders "remoting" and "workspace".
I am able to execute the tests in windows properly, but when I create the jenkins job in centos7.6 VM and the jenkins job console output shows the below error.
/pre/  Expected: The execution should happen even via jenkins as i am successfully able to execute via terminal .
I have a Jenkins pipeline which triggers a batch file on remote locked windows machine.
I am running jenkins on a VM hosted on a server.I am trying to access it through my browser but not able to do it.
I run jenkins server using java -jar jenkins.war.Below is the output of jenkins server.When I try to access it through browser I get "This site can’t be reached".
But when i tried to make Build on jenkins this error appeared again but this time on jenkins.
Well i have face a lot of issue in spinning on demand slave from jenkins because of docker daemon port restrictions.
The items the plugin tracks are those Jenkins failed to dispose in an automated way and they require admin attention in deleting those resources.
As suggested by @Jason, there is a way to get Jenkins to stop tracking the resources, but it will effectively let the resources live forever - which is rarely what you want.
Verify what the resources are and why they are not considered disposed by Jenkins.
Obviously there was something wrong with your browser(cache), refreshing/opening the dev console solves the problem, nothing wrong concerning Docker or Jenkins.
I have a Jenkins job(runs every 3 hours) which ports data from a remote server to my data ware house, usually it will take about 2 hours for it to complete and recently i 'm getting the below error.
i have created another Jenkins job(runs every 2 minute) for porting a specific table as we want that table to be updated very frequently,So the call for that job is also same and the above job is running successively few times and failing with the above mentioned error on certain schedules, So anyone can help me to figure out why this is happening and how can i resolve it?
I have tried researching on this and came across that Jenkins uses sockets to establish a connection.
When the Jenkins hit the artifactory, it is throwing "Datastore disk usage is too high.
So far,I have tried using Jenkins to trigger matlab and do some test.But I want to let Jenkins know that if we have some error in matlab test,and communicate with Jenkins.So the console output will be failure.
/pre/  I expect that if some test cases in test manager did n't pass.It could inform Jenkins and the console output will be failure.
I have executing c# code through jenkins jonb i have used MSTest for it in jenkins plug in when i am executing the code it is showing exception and test staus is failed .
So when i click on "Build Now" to run the job in Jenkins its directly get the entire code from git and works as expected with SUCCESS result on windows machine.
But when i create the same job in Jenkins on Linux machine it gives me errors.
I have a custom image for my jenkins slave published in gcr (private access).
Nevertheless jenkins/kubernetes is failing to start-up a slave because the image ca n't be pulled from gcr.
Problem: I am unable to use sonar &amp; Jenkins services together.
/pre/  But I am not able to get the same response in Jenkins.
See this code in Jenkins - the original file name is simply not available in the /code/ object that gets returned by the /code/ step: /url/ .
Before restarting Jenkins, I 'm executing quite mode command (http:///quietDown).
Can I get the name from jenkins ui or file system?
/pre/  where i want to set all the jenkins jobs that have a /code/ preferably to disable them and not change them, but get the following error: .
However, if I use SonarQube Scanner 4.0 Jenkins plugin, it fails to send Kotlin part of coverage report.
If that is the case, examine the rest of the Hudson or Jenkins codebase to see how it handles the exception.
$DOCKER_SWARM_PLUGIN_JENKINS_AGENT_JAR_URL .
I am facing issue while Installing Jenkins as a Windows service: Here is the error logs: .
Is stated that you 've already set up the Service Account and I assume that /url/ in the Jenkins server.
I assume it might be authorization issue for Jenkins machine.
I aborted Jenkins job(Maven build) manually but the java process was still active and running until I force exit (manually killed ) java process.
I have used the service principal credentials created to authenticate with the subscription where I wanted to create the resources but I get the below error even though Azure CLI plugin has been installed on the Jenkins from where I 'm trying to run this pipeline.
If I setup a pipeline type of job, I need to pull repo to be able to get to the Jenkins file.
I can execute it manually and it works, but it fails with jenkins, I got this error: .
It does n't show an error, it just is n't there when I log into the container or when I check the volume store on my host server (same location /var/jenkins_home/jobs).
/pre/  I do n't know if I missed a configuration somewhere or if it 's a Jenkins X issue with Bitbucket server private repositories.
The idea is that I will run several files though this single Jenkins job and I want the email to tell me what file is being executed by the job.
If your build machine is a windows machine, you 'll need to restart the jenkins agent every time you change your PATH, so that the slave agent/service picks up the change.
Jenkins and Sonar work with java8 with no problems.
I have a Jenkins server that gets regularly automatically rebuilt using the contents of /var/lib/jenkins.
not require a new (empty) Jenkins server) and persist when the server is refreshed (i.e.
the old server terminated, and a new server with the same /var/lib/jenkins started).
I am working on my client machine and a requirement is to trigger a jenkins build upon email subject.
Check Jenkins server status using command: /code/ .
The issue was the region against inspec running was not getting populated properly in Jenkins - groovy script.
Does Jenkins rebuild the /code/, /code/ pointers to the new builds location on startup or are we responsible for re-pointing them?
/pre/  My problem is that the git command uses the "jenkins" username instead of the one specified by the credential.
Apparently, the problem that was causing the wrong behavior of the jenkins job was the proxy(as expected).
The Jenkins instance was running behind a proxy.
you are running as "jenkins" user which normally does n't have access to /root folder hence, the error.
Also make sure that /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/test1/auto_run.sh have execute permission from jenkins user.
I am able to delete the names but am not able to confirm the updated list through the jenkins console output .
How do you automatically parse ansible warnings and errors in your jenkins pipeline jobs?
/pre/  Case 2: I am calling a batch file from Jenkins that is calling some other exe and in the end trying to open a file in Excel via the COM interface.
The console shows Running on [slave name] in D:/Jenkins/workspace/xxxxx.
I do the upgrade on monthly basis and for the last couple of months my jenkins slaves do n't get upgraded.
The above code works absolutely fine in STS and the file path is projectdir\target\classes\certs\fname.cer .jenkins build also works fine but during the service start up in the cloud i am seeing the path as home\app\BOOT-INF\classes\fname.cer (which could be the server classpath) which is not where i want the cert to be at and it is not working as expected.
Also set automatic logging in to windows after computer reboot, so in case windows updates will restart jenkins slave it will automatically start VNC and log in.
So getting java compilation error while taking new checkout from the repository or executing the script through Jenkins due to dependency missing.
Is there any way to create a Jenkins job to capture the compilation errors and send it to a specified group of members?
Have to create Jenkins' job and it will be run at regular intervals to check the compilation errors.
Issue number 1-  Jenkins should use global catalog (ports 3268/3269) and not LDAP catalog (ports 389/636), after I switched to global catalog problems were resolved .
I 'm having problems when enabling security authentication in Jenkins.
I set true in security authentication part in config.xml -> restarted the jenkins service .
Started by user Nilanjan Dutta Building on master in workspace C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\Docker [Docker] $ cmd /c call C:\Windows\TEMP\jenkins1754863637345314489.bat C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\Docker>docker images  error during connect: Get /url/: open //./pipe/docker_engine: The system cannot find the file specified.
C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\Docker>exit 1  Build step 'Execute Windows batch command' marked build as failure Finished: FAILURE .
I am relatively new to Docker and Jenkins and is unable to proceed due to the above issue.
Checking the AWS log i could see the log of these jobs but since the shell scripts is not run properly (getting the value from Jenkins ENV variables)  so it failed.
I have no direct access to the Jenkins machine and thus cannot mess around on the file system, like some suggested.
when I check the volume store on my host server (same location /var/jenkins_home/jobs).
Every time I see in jenkins workspace, I find appsettings.json file.
Beware that anyone able to push commits to this SCM repository could obtain unlimited access to Jenkins.
The UID xxx that jenkins was not able to recognize was jenkin 's user id inside server/ubuntu system that was running jenkins and the pipeline was being run inside docker container where jenkins id was different.
Hence, jenkins server id was n't getting recognized inside docker.
This xxx:yyy was the same as present for jenkins user in /etc/passwd inside server/ubuntu system running jenkins.
I 'm getting the below error while trying to copy the file from a remote server to another server using ftplib(jenkins job).In my local it is working fine.
Since both are different servers and i 'm running it as a job in jenkins, i do n't understand which permission need to be checked, which user?
You can tell Jenkins to run the job on the designated slave as follows: .
/pre/  But make sure you have set /code/ in the Jenkins server.
Anyone from your Team can pull and run so only the Jenkins server will build and push the image.
Edit: I 'm using Jenkins to automatically test the code ,how will my phpunit know what has been changed so it will trigger the phpunit for impacted code change.
Like /code/ in Jenkins pipelines with values: SUCCESS, UNSTABLE, or FAILURE  .
Our tests are executed via Jenkins and the screenshots/screencasts are automatically uploaded by Jenkins to a specific page in Confluence.
/pre/  If we go to the jenkins webpage, and hit /code/ without changing anything in the configuration, the new xml for the job changes to: .
Has anyone run into a problem when using PowerShell in a Jenkins Pipeline, where when you try to pull in an environmental variable (e.g., /code/), it evaluates to something like this?
The 'Test Result' tab in Jenkins shows the report correctly without the above mismatch.
I am connecting a windows 16 server machine as a slave to my jenkins master ( master is Centos 7 ).
But problem starts sometime after I connect it as jenkins slave.
But in jenkins build, I get error as: .
Doing so should prompt you with the same error you get with Jenkins but you wo n't have to actually build.
Currently, I am running different servers for Jenkins Master and Slave.
I want Jenkins to ignore one of the repositories when generating the changelog for the build (such as for sending out emails or updating relevant Jira issues).
This means that jenkins has received the message at our end.
The sequence of steps followed on the jenkins side is as follows: (note that the commit id /code/ listed below is an older commit id and not the latest, and that is the problem we are facing.)
Edit : the second line of the Jenkins build log already has the commit id, it says /code/ They key to resolving this issue would be finding out if where this is coming from.
Is it coming from bitbucket, or is it cached on the Jenkins side, and if so how to get rid of the stale value on either / both sides.
I am looking something like this for the 90th percentile so that I can fail the transactions which intern will fail the jenkins job.
This ends up creating lots of files, which caused my jenkins to run out of inodes.
Everything works fine when I execute the maven module with mvn clean install, but when I try to run it in a Jenkins job I get the following error:  .
I need to update github issues with particular jenkins build number as part of post processing of jenkins job.
I 've got a task to setup a Jenkins pipeline that has to push images to a docker registry placed in another network.
I have called /code/ file and then executed /code/ through jenkins pipeline but /code/ could not read the properties.
I am creating a server lets say Jenkins server in private subnet and trying to run it behind a proxy server (apache) which is in public subnet and when I am adding the configuration in apache server it is redirecting to Jenkins server which is okay but it is redirecting to private IP of Jenkins server.
http://private-ip:8080/jenkins*> .
Public IP is public-ip and when I hit public-ip/jenkins it is redirecting to private-ip/jenkins .
I confirmed it in my Jenkins settings and also after some test runs, that it is not the Jenkins who is killing the process.
Because the /code/ code path is n't covered by a unit test, the SonarQube quality gate "code coverage on new code" fails, and because the quality gate fails, the Jenkins job that builds that branch fails, and because the Jenkins job fails, Bitbucket wo n't allow the merge.
My Jenkins pipeline showed error message like this: .
I restarted Jenkins - Did n't fix it.
I stopped Jenkins - Did'nt fix.
Since the tests we are running are getting longer and longer, I thought it would be a good idea to switch from Travis CI to Jenkins (on my local computer).
Setting up Jenkins was relatively straightforward, however getting my Jenkinsfile to 'work' not so much.
I want to design a Jenkins job that will trigger when a pull request is created and perform a static code analysis only on the java files that have been modified.
I 've already created a Jenkins job that is triggered on pushes and scans a repository for 1 error by following this video and cloning his repository to my bitbucket: /url/.
Check you /code/ and also if Jenkins runs on the server which has proxy then you have to configure it.
Type: String verbose Select to enable an obscene amount of information to the Jenkins console - only really useful to help track down problems Type: boolean transfers Array/List Nested Object sourceFiles Files to upload to a server.
How can I clean log and output files of secrets when using jenkins credentialsPlugin?
I just setup a new jenkins slave which is running Windows server 2012.
Cassandra unit tests works locally but not on jenkins.
I 'm working on a Java program, the build works fine (local and jenkins), but when Sonar executes the build, i get the following error :   .
I want my Jenkins server to start building job once a commit is merged in the replica server.
This might be one of root cause, Might be your Jenkins not recognizing your MAVEN path which is saved in windows environment variable.
I have a few Jenkins jobs, and all of them are failing with the following same error, and no more info.
Edit: After getting exhausted looking for the solutions, I just restarted the Jenkins-server and it resolved the issue.
When /code/ tries to run this test on the CI server (jenkins) it results in an exception: .
/pre/  Please find below Jenkins execution logs .
/pre/  Expected results: Permissions are ticked in the Global Roles section of the Jenkins UI.
As you can see, Jenkins finds it without any issues:  .
When I have entered the valid user name and password I have created when installing Jenkins, I got an error saying the credentials are invalid.
I should mention that when I am logging into Jenkins using port 8080 it works just fine but somehow I can’t seem to log in through tomcat.
I should also mention this happens on my Jenkins server, and only occasionally when I run the tests locally.
I 'm getting a failure on my jenkins build of an application that has worked for quite awhile.
I can see all the valid certificates and they have n't got expired but all of sudden everybuild started failing on Failed to sign error in Jenkins.
Recording the proper revision of /code/ can be done again on SCM-level or by recording it in Jenkins itself.
/pre/  and upon execution of the jenkins job the exception received is this one: .
When running via Jenkins on our test-runner VM (Windows Server 2012 R2), the same .dll is used, but the same test fails with: /code/ .
The error is produced by SVNKit which is used in Jenkins to enable SVN client capabilities.
To resolve the problem, add the /code/ option to Jenkins.
Can you provide response body from Jenkins logs?
When I run it in local Groovy code, there is no problem, but when same code is run in Jenkins pipeline, suddenly, any of object properties are not being assigned.
I 've went through differences that are brought by running code in Jenkins Pipelines, but there was no mention about problems with multiple-assignment .
/pre/  i expected dashboad to display the jenkins job result, but its not displaying anything.
3、using jenkins file, i create a file under /code/ as /code/, then /code/, it 's there, but after rm the code of creating /code/, then rebuild, /code/, /code/ no longer there, so the jenkins file system is a onetime job?
So i 'm wondering whether jenkins create a temp virtual file server to execute it 's job, so ca n't access to original file except it 's own directory.
I want to catch the compilation/code errors in my build using a maven command (in a Jenkins job).
We have configured Post Webhook to trigger Jenkins on the following events: .
The hook triggers Jenkins correctly for Pull Request events but it does not trigger on Build Status events.
I am trying to setup Jenkins with stable/helm charts but Jenkins pod always remains in Init status and does n't give any errors while I am describing the Jenkins pod.
In our case this was caused by updating the /code/ package while Jenkins was running.
But when tests are running remotely via Jenkins on CentOS (testing the same application which is deployed on the same host), the issue appears at several places on my project.
However, in Jenkins, my job is triggered everytime Developers push in their code no matter on Branches or Master.
We resolved this by creating a new pipeline job from the scratch with the new configuration; Jenkins restart was not an option due to operational reasons.
Edit: Jenkins restart does not help with this bug.
The server running jenkins was provided with an IAM role with enough permissions to deploy any type of ressource.
Very late, but Jenkins always checks out the entire repo (even when doing sparse checkouts, Jenkins still clones the entire repo to local disk) and shows the revision of the repo as a whole on the build page.
In Jenkins I tried to configure mail settings using the E-mail Notification plugin, but I got the error as show in the image below.
After running test in Jenkins, results will be under Reports folder with multiple files, wants to zip the folder and send an email notification.
The testng file will have a list of suitefiles whose names which will be passed from Jenkins.
I have created a .bat file for this which is invoked each time I execute a build via Jenkins.
The problem I 'm facing is that every time I restart using Jenkins all other Python processes running on the machine are terminated.
I 'm setting up a internal server for JIRA, Jenkins etc.
I 'm attempting to set up a script to kill/abort all Jenkins jobs with a certain name in them.
When i try to access the REST API from curl or postman based on the samples /url/ i am able to get the access token but jenkins rest api(with /code/ in the header) response shows as unauthorized.
/pre/  Something is different from how this request is sent via a windows terminal and how it is sent from a windows batch step in Jenkins.
I am wondering if Jenkins does anything special with this.
I have restarted the Jenkins agent and the entire server.
I then run my jenkins job with a single command "Set" and it reads back the OLD value of the token!
I still do n't know where this variable is coming from when executed via Jenkins.
If  not then i would log in to the jenkins machine and delete the workspaces related to this job and have the post block referred to earlier in your declarative pipeline.
And to ensure that builds are not held up you can set the jobs to be run concurrently and let Jenkins manage workspaces.
jenkins build is failing with below error.
(Exception from HRESULT: 0x80029C4A (TYPE_E_CANTLOADLIBRARY)) [C:\Jenkins\jobs\StrategicModeling\branches\users-nageswar-k-b-test.g7m3im\workspace\HSFRoot\HSFWebServicesRoot\HSFCOMFactory\HSFCOMFactory.csproj] .
Or perhaps you can look in Jenkins history to get the last state created with 0.11.x.
/pre/  The point is that the results of running /code/ on the server and on Jenkins are different.
Check out my Jenkins console output.
/pre/  I check my exit status in Jenkins is 0,But I make a failed test in test file.So it supposed to be 1. .
only in through Jenkins iam getting issue.
Generated an application password from gmail and used it in my Jenkins configuration - got the same error with and without the app password .
My Jenkins install is localhost using this URL:  /url/ My system admin email address exists and is entered in Jenkins .
If I restart the jenkins master (by doing a docker stop/start on the docker container that runs the master) while a pipeline job is running, the master will start back up and pick up where it left off.
I would like to be able to upgrade a jenkins master, while a pipeline is still running, and be able to pick back up where it left off, retaining the state, just as if the jenkins master was only restarted.
But the same code change threw compilation error on Jenkins.
Just mention the IP, and not the complete address in Server field in jenkins while configuring proxy.
The build is working fine on local machine and on Jenkins, but the bundle is throwing error and not getting deployed on fuse server.
I am getting the following error while testing sample mail in Jenkins.
The reason I prefer not to upgrade to latest version all-at-once is because our Jenkins server has n't been updated for quite a while, so I do it incrementally to minimized the change impact.
Add /code/ mount to jenkins container, or download related docker prebuilt client from /url/, see /url/.
I also tried to unload and load the Jenkins service but still it did not work.
My result: Everything was installed successfully, able to reach gogs,jenkins,nexus apps .
I am trying to read a table from the below code which works fine in windows but as I run it in Jenkins docker container, gives the below error.
Although I have supposedly set up the webhooks properly, I do not see the jenkins job being triggered.
When pushing to gitlab, I see no event listed under "integrations -> recent deliveries", I see no log under jenkins logs "com.dabsquared.gitlabjenkins" logger (set to log level "FINEST".
Adding printscreen of the Jenkins configuration of the gitlab for reference to the comment I added on possibility this is issue with the personal access token  /url/ .
But when I run same code on Jenkins - somehow the required domain (which should be set-up after healthcheck call) does not happens, hence the cookie setup fails for domain I 'm setting.
Why I 'm not getting the same domain in jenkins box after calling healthcheck URL as I 'm getting in my local machine?
The private key is stored in the CI server (Jenkins) and is injected into the appropriate project during its build process.
Hello all jenkins build is failing with error  .
While trying to publish the APK in MAC machine via Jenkins I am facing the below error, .
But when I try to publish via Jenkins, facing this error.
The issue can be reproduced only by calling the publish task (in cake file) from Jenkins.
[enter image description here][1]Cypress use to Successfully in Jenkins.From few week Cypress spec file will hang forever.It will hang at different spec file.Which makes hard to debug why it is failing.Sometimes it will run all spec files successfully.
However, trying to get it to run on Jenkins which is also a java process so it tries to connect to the Jenkins java process instead of mine, and does not work.
Is there a way to persist information within jenkins context?
/pre/  when i run in putty connected to the centos system inside the jenkins contained, it is giving output.
But when i try it through jenkins build, It is saying failure as the file is not found.
I aborted Jenkins job(Maven build) manually but the surefire-maven plugin (java process) was still active and running until I manually killed java process.
Expecting that Maven should be terminated properly when the jenkins job is ABORTED.
App should be stopped when jenkins job is aborted 2. if we run the jenkin job again, it throws an error "Permission denied to access report.js" 3. surefire reports are still active after Aborting the jenkins job.
I try to run composer within Jenkins pipeline on Ubuntu 18.04. my composer contains private repos and I use auth.json approach to store credentials.
Obviously I do n't want to store my credentials in VCS, so I created credential of type file in Jenkins and upload the /code/ file there.
The cause of issue is I am mounting Jenkins workspace to docker and execute the python code, It creates some /code/ executables with different permission and Jenkins is not able to delete that.
Read a property file from another job in Jenkins .
Does anyone know if it is possible to have a slave-slave connection within Jenkins ?
/pre/  This fine locally but has recently started breaking on Jenkins with the following error (it used to work) .
Now, The contributors when raise a pull request(PR), I check manually and merge then run the jenkins job on my repo to check if the merged code is performing  correctly.
set parameter /code/ to /code/ and you 'll be able to get information about internal processes and jobs running on your jenkins endpoint.
I 'd like to gather the changes in that submodule into a text file and send that text file to a Jenkins email template.
I am trying to send files inside my jenkins pod to docker image.
Well, I know this a bit late, but jenkins sends a /code/ signal when aborting.
When a Jenkins job is cancelled, it sends /code/ to the process group of   the process it spawns, and immediately disconnects, reporting "Finished:   ABORTED," regardless of the state of the job.
Since Jenkins disconnects immediately from the child process and reports   no further output: .
(running Jenkins temporarily with   -Dorg.jenkinsci.plugins.durabletask.BourneShellScript.LAUNCH_DIAGNOSTICS=true   might make the problem clearer) .
Jenkins artifacts syntax Error: Did not manage to validate **\obj\Debug* (may be too slow) .
I am trying to artifact **\obj\Debug* files but jenkins is throwing error .
As @ortomala-lokni mentioned earlier, you are having an issue with unbound PersistentVolumeClaims to the declared before PersitanceVolume, which causes eventually the Jenkins Pod unable to start up.
Good morning guys, I have a problem building my pipeline in jenkins, sometimes some jobs returning authentication error and sometimes they are working.
But in my case if I integrate with Jenkins I have many solutions files in same repository.so I want to trigger only the solution file which is related to the commited file.
that is going on with Jenkins, but even with adding the NonCPS annotation, I still get this exception.
/pre/  However, Jenkins does not have access to where I have the pem file stored and moving it is not an option.
Restart jenkins, it should work well.
$ ansible-playbook /app/helpA.yml --tags  validate -e   "Source_Filenames=/tmp/logs/filename1.src,/tmp/logs/33211.sql,/app/Jenkins/file1.mrt   Layer=APP"  [WARNING]: provided hosts list is empty, only localhost is   available.
As stated in the /url/, this notifies Jenkins that the repository has changed, and it 's time for a build.
I encountered a similar issue, when trying to run the slave(agent) from master(jenkins), after making one configuration change as below it worked fine,  .
I 'm configuring a jenkins job which runs some testing tasks and export all results to a support job (let 's name it sup) which uploads all needed data into the db.
I think you need to check the log in Jenkins to see the error after running the job.
When creating a jenkins container, the following errors appear.
/pre/     This will store the jenkins data in /your/home on the host.
How to run multiple testng.xml file in jenkins based on the their results .
I have created in jenkins but all testng.xml files executed .
When GitLab sends a Push Message, Jenkins will trigger SCM polling of this job.
I want to upgrade my jenkins master without aborting or waiting for long running jobs to finish on slaves.
Often, at least one of those jobs is running, making it hard to restart jenkins after updates.
If I call /code/ within a build step, Jenkins complains about missing credentials.
Is it possible to run a Grunt task only when Jenkins detects that a file in the system has changed?
In my case I reconcile the files from our version control system, then I would like to have Jenkins to run only if the files that were pulled down from the server have changed.
The error you see means that jenkins is finding the word /code/ in your script and tries to interpret is a variable or command of jenkins, and does n't find a match.
Chromedriver does not start a Browser and causes tests to fail when run selenium tests from Teamcity and Jenkins, which both give same error messages: .
I also had this issue and resolved by updating the bitbucket plugin in jenkins: .
Since all Jenkins configuration data is stored on-disk, another option for bootstrapping Jenkins with a well-defined configuration is to pre-fill those configuration files with proper content right away: .
Jenkins at the moment on each build copies all files that are in bitbucket git to my QA server and I am having a hard time in just transferring files that have changed from the last build.
I am running my selenium code written in Java on Jenkins server.
The tests create reports that contain in name the "suiteXmlFile" param value, but for debug or when I have to run something not form Jenkins I just right click on the XML file but the reporter see suiteXmlFile as empty (obviously).
/pre/      What 's happening when i run this is , job 1 gets successfully built on jenkins, but anything written after the first 'build' statement does n't get executed.
Let Jenkins do the work of checking whether the stage exists and if not fail the build, so that the developer could herself/himself add the stage.
I come from Jenkins, and there, it is possible to obtain the Git commit hash associated with the last successful build on a Git branch.
That 's how I am able to get the list of changed files in Jenkins.
As I had to walk through Jenkins, Octopus deploy, Azure where I had n't configured anything on my own it took really too long time, I did cry only on the inside ;-) .
I am intermittently getting the below error in Jenkins.
/pre/  Errors in jenkins server logs: .
However when putting them on jenkins the build does n't get completed and I have no report generated, I get the following error .
One of the projects run pretty well but the second one sends back the mentionned Error , I get the same error when putting both test files in the same jenkins project .
I do n't remember any configuration of Jenkins that tries to remove files, but when you copy artifacts, you should put the local path where the file is created and the remote path in the server that is delivering... .
When viewing TestNG results for test runs in Jenkins, when a test fails it prints out the failure message and stack trace for that specific test.
But when I try to move everything to jenkins, it looks weird: .
I disable security in my jenkins:  by remplacing true by false in the true tag in config.xml and i delete stategy tag I restart service  I connect to localhost:8080 and i have always log page  I have always the last version with useSecurity tag is true and stategy tag retuns .
Our Ubuntu 18.04 build server (running Jenkins) sits behind a firewall with only specific IP ranges white-listed.
Disconnecting the node stops the Jenkins slave process, then there 's nothing running on the node, so not sure what control you 'd have.
This issue is resolved since Jenkins Artifactory plugin v3.2.3.
From here I 'm able to commit and push to that branch and see the Jenkins job automatically being triggered.
The jenkins console shows success at all times irrespective of the errors from the sql files.
I want Jenkins to fail the build, if there is an error or any of the sql file failed executing and send the console output to the developer, if fails.
/pre/  Expected Results: Failed from Jenkins (if any of the sql files failed executing from shell script) but it is showing as passed in Jenkins .
/pre/  Error message from Jenkins console even after logging in to login.salesforce.com site: .
C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\abc\build.xml:26: Invalid username, password, security token; or user locked out.
/pre/  I am getting  Not a valid section definition: "if ("${env.BRANCH_NAME}" == "master"){     post {  error in jenkins, Could anyone help me to get this done.
Right now, the API key and build secret for Crashlytics are stored in plaintext in my Fastfile, so I wanted to move them to Jenkins credentials so that information is n't available to anyone who gets access to my GitHub repo.
/pre/  Now, when I run the pipeline in Jenkins, I get this output: .
Looking in the working directory on the jenkins server, the files are generated... ) .
When executing terraform via ansible within jenkins I see intermittent timeouts on apply and destroy around accessing and updating state in s3 .
If you are using msi file for windows instead of jenkins war file then you are likely to get this error due to user profile setup.
When deploying aws ecs through the Jenkins pipeline Why does an error occur when the result is not set in the environment variable when registering a work definition?
When i tried webpack build using webpack-cli by jenkins, following error comes up.
When I run the pipeline I get the following error: Jenkins’ doesn’t have label ‘docker' How to solve this problem?
After the reset the admin user password of JFrog artifactory jenkins build are failing with below errors.
Not surprisingly, AzureDevOps is unable to connect to my Jenkins instance as it 's running on my local machine and therefore not publicly accessible.
I get this error when building pipeline in jenkins .
How to run same jmeter script from two slave machine in Jenkins and merge the report and generate one report for both the jmeter  load testing?
In our case it was due to the Jenkins web hook being registered twice for the Merge Request events in the GitLab project settings.
I have configured Slack notification to Jenkins and i am getting below data once the job is completed (irrespective of failure/pass) .
but I 'm facing a problem when I try to do that from jenkins job.
When i push a image from a jenkins to gcr following error occurs: denied: Unable to write blob sha256 .
While executing jobs in jenkins its getting failed,and i already set environmental variables in linux environment and it shows an error like"compilation error".can anyone help me please.
No changes for /url/ since the   previous build [jenkins_testing2] $ /bin/sh -xe   /tmp/jenkins5601385509024889778.sh   + svn commit /url/ svn: E205000: Try  'svn help commit' for more information svn: E205000: Commit targets   must be local paths svn: E205000:   '/url/' is not a local path Build step   'Execute shell' marked build as failure Finished: FAILURE .
/pre/  This results in the error "C:\Program Files\Docker\Docker\Resources\bin\docker.exe: Error response from daemon: invalid mount config for type "volume": invalid mount path: 'var/jenkins_home' mount path must be absolute.
Also /var/jenkins_home is not working properly.
I 've tried that as well, however, that caused some other problems, like chrome crashing with SIGTRAP if run inside the container but not as the root user and Jenkins' docker plugin runs all containers in user mode (i.e.
you are not the root within the container - theoretically I could make Jenkins run containers as root, but that would cause other issues which I would prefer not to have).
On the server where Jenkins is running, I used .
I 'd like to run a Jenkins build of my clients but I 'm having a problem.
I 'm running /code/ through Jenkins on a daily basis, and I want exceptions to be sent to me in emails.
How can I make Jenkins get the exception?
I think that error line is preventing jenkins from posting the status back to github.
One problem I have encountered that, if I run VSTest.Console.exe on my local, it works; but when I run VSTest.Console.exe in Jenkins, it has no coverage data.
I ca n't find any other useful information why running as a local account works in Jenkins.
Maybe this is due to the fact that you build locally or on a separate Jenkins server, push the image to Docker hub and start on a remote shell on EC2.
While generating the /code/ in jenkins getting the permission denied error.
I have a private Jenkins running on an internal private network not visible from the internet.
I have also a public Jenkins instance, visible from the internet and accessible only over HTTPS.
Even when I trigger a build from Jenkins by running /code/ and overwrite the value, it 's empty afterwards.
I 've got a problem with the jenkins "Deploy to container"  /url/ .
it will generate an xml file with the results => which jenkins and teamcity can use.
In response to any merge on /code/, /code/, or /code/ you can run a jenkins job that runs a bunch of tests.
When using the ssh_jenkins_slave default image, I can run it with no issues.
The error I see in jenkins is: .
Your Jenkins related configuration will save to /code/ .
When I logged into my Jenkins portal today I saw the message: .
As expected I got a message that it detected and was pulling now a newer version of Jenkins.
But after continuing/restarting the setup using "docker-compose up -d" and accessing the Jenkins portal again I still get that very same warning message.
What am I missing when updating this Jenkins image?
Added the snippet to Jenkins Pipeline node, jenkins is able to run the make file (meaning, it can start executing the makefile) but in jenkins Console Output, it errors out with  Python modules not found error.
/pre/  /code/ is missing from the jenkins run (I can see Flask under this location) .
If you 're running this in Jenkins or another continuous integration (CI) system, this behavior would mean that the image that comes out of the build system has n't actually been tested.
So, what I want to have happening is that the container would always safely shutdown Jenkins before exiting regardless of how and by what it was stopped (except for exceptional/erroneous circumstances of course) (I 'm assuming this is a good thing to do within a DevOps context).
Also, Jenkins itself does n't seem to handle the SIGTERM signal well (does n't safely shutdown on its own).
My robot script utilizes SikuliLibrary which exhibits remote server issues when called via Jenkins.
/pre/  When the Jenkins build is completed, my expectation was that the robot script be completed the same way as it does when entered on the terminal.
The issue I am facing is that once all runners have executed and cucumber.json reports are generated, jenkins still keep showing that execution is happening and the control is not returning to the jenkins from selenium grid to generate and display that jenkins build has passed or failed.
I have to manually stop the jenkins job to view the cucumber results in jenkins and then build is shown as aborted.
However, if I start Jenkins localhost:9090 using Chrome browser I only get 2 builds.
/pre/  not work, print @@=/root/.jenkins/workspace/biz-commons_deploy, the error is the same as before .
In my case, I had assigned a DNS for my jenkins local host.
/pre/  However when running the file /code/ manually through my CMD (because I want to integrate it with Jenkins eventually), I get this error (/code/): .
The 404 status did n't come from any remote host but from my jenkins instance itself.
It is irrelevant for Replayed 'Build' because once launched, the original 'Build' already updated its object in Jenkins master with all that will be of use for Replay.
/pre/  How to make HOST and PORT as Jenkins parameter or how can it be read at backend?
in my case, jenkins cannot find the coverage report and got log in console output like this : .
I want that every time I 'm doing a change in that Github file (manually)  a Jenkins trigger will start and run that command (which stored in my github file) on my AWS server where Docker is installed.
It is strange that Jenkins appends @{number} to the workspace.
Hopefully even though the context of my solution is different (I was in a docker container and not in Jenkins job), it might help solve your problem if you ensure that /code/ is accessible in your Jenkins job.
Try to read them from your credentials (sorry, been a while since I configured Jenkins) and pass as /code/ etc.
And in Jenkins console there is no error.
But Jenkins console output still showing success.
When Jenkins executes this pipeline, it shows this error : .
I deleted /var/lib/jenkins completely after each try so there is no way any old content remains on the HDD (/code/).
I would like my Jenkins to send me an email every time a build gets started.
Can you provide logs, attempted fixes, and any other information like Jenkins version, list of plugins, HTTP req/res content, HTTP response code from Artifactory, and any other related debug information.
I need to send files(ex: XML and CSV) from Jenkins to Splunk.
Now we could see that the Gitlab is getting the pipeline status from Jenkins using the webhook without issues but how can I fetch the full test result from Jenkins to Gitlab so that the developers could see the test results if the pipeline fails and could fix the issue faster without logging in to Jenkins to get the results.
/pre/  Currently I 'm getting this error from jenkins build: .
I need to get some data from an XML document in a groovy script running in the Jenkins pipeline.
The problem is that the code I wrote fully works in Groovy on my machine, but as soon as I run it from Jenkins I get an error.
When I try to start jenkins (last instruction of my Dockerfile) using "systemctl start jenkins" I got the followoing error: .
When i use file parameter in jenkins job and select some file from network drive location , after clicking "Build" job is run twice.
My idea is to generate a change log in remote host(slave), and copy it to Jenkins master(Not sure where it should be), but I do n't know how to do that.
Try using MaskPasswordWrapper, it would successfully  mask all the variables that are specified throughout the jenkins console log.
If I have different jenkins-jobs running on docker-slaves, I will get some trouble with this scenario.
But when I running container from Jenkins, problems arise.
However, the code below seems to upload the file to the Jenkins master, not to the workspace of the current job on the slave where the job is running.
I got this error in Jenkins:   .
I 'm getting below exception when trying to run in jenkins machine (Linux server).
Jenkins does not seem to be running inside a container .
The output generated by Python 's print() is then transmitted to Jenkins.
Each Python 's output string is postabmled by \r\n which, however, is misinterpreted while displaying text in Jenkins console output in browser.
I do not know how to make the \r\n symbols be interpreted as newline in Jenkins console.
I have a scenario where when we run Jenkins build we download the sensitive data from the s3 bucket and the information we download is being set as environment variables.
/pre/  When I run Jenkins with the above stage it will show the sensitive information of the user group and everything else in the console output need to mask the whole information.
Context : I do not have UI access to Nexus Repository but I have access to Jenkins configured with access to nexus repository.
/pre/  I saw 12.2G    /var/lib/jenkins so i entered this folder and cleared all the logs by .
/pre/  and restart the jenkins it will work normal  .
The test passes locally, but fails in Jenkins.
/pre/  Here if i log the output , response is not equal to 'expectedFileData',  But the test passes magically locally and fails in Jenkins.
Please  suggest any other way to test this snippet or any reason test is failing only on Jenkins ?
I 'm trying to set a Jenkins pipeline to build an Ionic app inside a Linux server (ec2 instance on amazon services) My first stage inside the jenkinsfile is to run /code/, but it returns permission denied.
When testing the mail configuration in Manage Jenkins -> Configure System it always fails.
When I copy the job folders from the first server to second and reload Jenkins, the jobs are listed properly.
AnyStatus will notify you when your Jenkins jobs start, complete or fail.
Something similar happened to me when running Jenkins on Docker on my local machine.
I created a batch file on HOST, calling the batch file through Jenkins.
I 'm calling the batch file, Jenkins cannot find the application opening apparently, it returning error as None type Object(Python) as described in screenshot./url/ .
If you look carefully at the Jenkins logs, the /code/ command it executes does a lot of things to simulate the workspace environment.
During execute a SonarScanner analysis integrated with Jenkins, it 's prompted in console output the following message is displayed: .
/pre/  As our Jenkins has no access to external network, those requests timeout and increase the overall build time.
I’m running some Nightwatch automated tests, and am having some problems parsing the reports with Jenkins and the nightwatch-html-reporter package.
/pre/  My problem is when Jenkins reads the report, it only ever displays the first failure, when I am expecting it to display all the failures in the xml report.
/pre/  but I ca n't figure out how to escape the below line in my Jenkins file to make it work.
I 'm attempting to start an Android emulator on Jenkins CI, but the startup never completes.
However the jenkins server is checking /code/, which probably is empty now, in the docker container.
During deployment, I have a code running on the Jenkins machine to get-service status from a remote server.
/pre/  This step looks fine which means Jenkins can connect to remote server.
But on jenkins I get this error at the end: .
My observation is that git webhook trigger works perfectly in case 1 but in case 2 git webhook failed to trigger the Jenkins build.
Repeatedly yesterday we saw the same symptoms: the frontend stage for /code/ would complete (the smaller of the two), whilst /code/ would mysteriously stop in the middle of running tests (the last line of logging in Jenkins was always /code/, but not always the same test).
And I want to configure a Jenkins job to run the tests.Got the following error .
/pre/  I thought the CMD line in the Dockerfile should start Jenkins already, but when I build the image and execute it, nothing happens.
/pre/  Is there anyway to change my Dockerfile so that Jenkins and the log can start by itself?
/pre/  The problem here is that every stage that I use a dockerfile agent, jenkins will attempt to rebuild the docker image.
Slaves would be running on the servers and checking out the tests from repository and publishing results on Jenkins.
Facing issue with creating a client certificate for minikube to use with jenkins k8s cd .
At the minute this points to a hard-coded URL on a different server, however, I have changed this to load the website in an IIS Express instance on the Jenkins server allowing the Selenium tests to run against the current version of the code.
Commit happens on branch, Bitbucket lets Jenkins know and then Jenkins jumps into action.
I have added logging throughout the solution and have found that the account which creates the database successfully when running from Jenkins is 'NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM', and then the account which is running the IIS Express instance (which is started from Jenkins) is also 'NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM', so am I am not entirely sure why it can create the database and populated it, but then fails access if via IIS Express.
But Jenkins uses the credentials when sending a Mail notification.
/pre/  The problem:  After jenkins pod restart, the pod got a new IP address and ReadinesProbe supposed to update the endpoints but it does n't.
This happened after helm failed to upgrade jenkins and then I rollback the release, and it was successful (apart from now not updating endpoints)  Now I need to edit endpoints manually to point Endpoints to the correct IP address of a pod.
My code is having intermittent issues on our Jenkins server that seems to be related with the context being cached.
Running katalon test cases on Linux server through Jenkins and getting below error: .
I just deployed "Logstash plugin" on Jenkins, and used Syslog Index type to fetch record.
The os.getcwd() prints the remote server path for me which is /home/jenkins .
Maybe Jenkins caches the initial Jenkinsfile and ignores newer ones?
/pre/  When I run the script inside the /code/ machine it works without a problem, but inside the Jenkins pipeline I get the Error: .
After the IDP update whenever I try to hit any Jenkins URL it gets auto redirected to the ADFS server url and errors out.
Is running Jenkins on SSL (signed by self or by CA) a must for integrating with ADFS ?
The jenkins console displays the Producer Config details along with the output.
When a producer 's object is created it displays the above the config details along with the required output in the jenkins console.
/pre/  Any idea how to get rid of this configuration details in the jenkins console?
While Executing the APPIUM code on the local system running fine but when Executing Through Jenkins Job It giving the Error.
/code/ give today Timestamp, this method is tested, it works on my machine and on Jenkins.
/pre/  As I previously said, the test work perfectly on my pc, but not on Jenkins (adding the /code/ annotations to this method, makes the job successful).
If we can identify or get Azure DevOps host server IP to white-list it for incoming traffic in Jenkins.
When ran against Terraform 12.0 version I get the error below even though I tested using the same Azure service principal credentials mentioned in the pipeline as below using a Jenkins free style job and /code/ worked fine.
how to read /code/ file in junit test case, because in jenkins the /code/ file is not found in run time .
Basically we are mocking the application properties file in test case  During local run working as expected but jenkins test case is failing FileNotFoundException .
I have built code in the Jenkins server and need to transfer my built files to the dev server.
/pre/  /pre/  I expect to transfer files from Jenkins instance to dev server but I am getting this error: .
Jenkins will not provide you the SQL files error code.
I 'd expect it to deploy to the node, but it just hangs with pending and does n't reach the stage where it would output to the jenkins console.
The Readiness probe is still failing but this is due to Jenkins taking 90s to start.
I like however, how Jenkins organizes the jobs logging and I can go and see a build executing and see its STDOUT in realtime.
Jenkins throws exception with the message : java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver.
Now I would like to have Jenkins open a merge request automatically after a successful build of a job.
I am getting /code/ while configuring email notification in Jenkins.
When you file an issue, make sure to add the entire stack trace, along with the version of Jenkins and relevant plugins.
Seems like output is not getting captured in stdout as the process in running in background inside Jenkins shell.
My Jenkins build has given me the following error: .
/pre/  Unfortunately, I continue to get the same error in Jenkins.
Jenkins pipeline is failing at integration test with below error: .
Here a complete code sample which downloads all build statuses from a SAML-protected Jenkins server: .
Is this some bug on Jenkins or I 'm missing something else to tick?
 I 'm having some issues with a Jenkins Job Builder YAML file which contains an attribute (message-content) with "{}" characters in it: .
Restart   jenkins, it should work well.
save configuration then restart Jenkins .
We 've configured Jenkins to poll a git repo, including "Polling ignores commits in certain paths."
/pre/  However the git command Jenkins uses does show some of those files: .
The problem I am facing is that my Jenkins is running on different Server than SonarQube.
So when I am passing sonar.source property like /code/ it is not able to find the Jenkins workspace of my repo created by Jenkins due to the different server locations .
How can I pass the /code/ of workspace located on Jenkins server so that sonar is able to locate it?
It shows 404 error of JiraTestResultReporter configuration in Jenkins when I added the Jira URL "/url/" which is hosted locally and clicked validation button.
Alternatively, if I were to generate a changes summary file as an artifact of the build script, is there a way to get the contents of that file reported into the jenkins 'changes' section?
The TLDR crux of the problem is that jenkins only checks out the product level workspace, so only changes made to that workspace are shown.
I checked the gitLab logs where it appears that the weebhook received a 200 response from jenkins .
I need to get the /code/ logs in Jenkins for JUnit and as well as the logs for the methods which are getting called from JUnit (version 4.8.2)  .
Does it means it must first archived in Jenkins master before I can copy it to my job?
I 'm using "E-mail Notification" on my Jenkins, its setuped on my local machine.
jenkins ip address).
/pre/  I then ssh'ed into the jenkins server and ran the curl request from outside the container with /code/ replaced by /code/.
I do n't expose those ports manually since that could conflict with other containers on the Jenkins server.
Looking back at the corresponding build in Jenkins, I saw that it was now in the stuck state but with no /code/ logging.
When i run the job I have observed that Jenkins is not downloading the jars from pom.xml [cause i am not seeing any jar download logs in Jenkin job console] and its throwing error saying package not found .
This is the Jenkins error log .
Nexus failed to start due to this problem so I extended the default PVC jenkins-x-nexus from 8GB to 20GB.
The PersistentVolumeClaim "jenkins-x-nexus" is invalid: spec.resources.requests.storage: Forbidden: field can not be less than previous value' .
The PersistentVolumeClaim "jenkins-x-nexus" is invalid: spec.resources.requests.storage: Forbidden: field can not be less than previous value' .
Now i wanted to run my jenkins jobs to run on EC2 when they got triggered periodically.. .
/url/ (which works fine according to your Jenkins console output) .
When its trying to import the results from Jenkins it was failing with the below error .
In my docker service /code/ file I set a service specific welcome message in environment variable /code/ and I want to use that message in jenkins /code/: .
So I 've already used /code/ and put it into my /code/.Which means the auto-check(/code/) for the progress(/code/) should be totally eliminated, because it stuck my jenkins deploy time.
stop/kill the Jenkins build process .
My main issue is that the automation is triggered by Jenkins, and it returns a changing list of users which will run in the test.
When I do same thing from local Jenkins server which install on Windows 7 it work properly.
WARNING: Unknown parameter(s) found for class type   'org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins.kubernetes.ContainerTemplate': volumes .
Usually your Kubernetes plugin spawns Jenkins slave Pods in another namespace than your NFS server resides, therefore it 's safer to specify for NFS volumes as  'serverAddress' an IP address of NFS server instead of its Kubernetes Service name.
Everything is working fine except that the screenshots encoded as base64 are appearing as broken links in Jenkins Cucumber Report.
When I go to run Jenkins I receive a warning that the app requires Java 8.0 or 11.0 and I am running 12.0.
Run Jenkins again, same error.
I am facing this error, whenever I am running : https://:443/jenkins .
and Jenkins running successfully without any error when running: https://:443 .
We are using Jenkins to perform checks of Pull Requests from Bitbucket, including build, unit tests, and the end-to-end tests.
I 've also tried updating the /etc/security/limits.config file as well as adding the line /code/ to the /etc/init.d/jenkins and then restarting the service.
When I run tests I cannot capture screenshots at the moment in Jenkins without some heavy work.
Whenever I try to execute a release-start from within a Jenkins job I get the following error:  .
On my local machine, everything seems to be working and the only difference against the Jenkins job seems to be the proxy which is used.
By the time you get up to the /code/ stage the built content is in the Jenkins workspace directory, both on your host and inside the container.
If you’re running Jenkins on your production system (consider moving it!)
/pre/  But Jenkins just passes with the above without running anything.
Secondly calling this helper solved the jenkins exception error rather than writing it inside the /code/ block.
I have not found a way to get changes in files for a particular PR so I thought of leveraging git by doing /code/ but it fails, since Jenkins only checks out the target branch.
The Unit Testing is made in Jenkins and is successful according to the Jenkins Console but no coveragexml file is generated… .
This is only accessible if you have the correct permissions set in Jenkins.
From with in my  Pipeline code, I 'm invoking the GET Call using HTTP Request Plugin available on JENKINS that is installed on the JENKINS server running locally.
But not sure how to perform any task related to opening and Closing connections in the Pipeline script and if there is any support do it on the HTTP Request JENKINS Plugin.
Currently I have an update hook doing a validation check, and a post-receive hook CURLing my Jenkins URL to trigger a build.
I need to pass the remote URL of the repository to my Jenkins build, however I cannot find a way to receive the remote URL on the server side.
There are no settings setup in my Jenkins file, so I assume the current behavior is the default behavior of test execution.
Seems I can mostly recreate the symptoms I see in Jenkins.
If I invoke NAnt through a fresh PowerShell session I get the same problem, I 'm running something akin the following, which as far as I can tell would be the same as how the Jenkins plugin invokes PowerShell: .
However, when I go to Jenkins, this does not resolve the problem, I end up with getting no output at all.
I intend to automate this process hence want to run it on Jenkins.I 've tried importing certs to keytool in Jenkins thinking it was some kind of cert issue but looks like the ping itself fails to the remote host.
/pre/  I 'm not sure if this is something to change in Jenkins since it works fine locally?If yes, any pointer as to where should I be making that setting?
The redirection to ADFS happens when we click login option of Jenkins however it fails and the Jenkins logs shows the below error: .
Another point I found concerning was while there is good connectivity between Jenkins server and ADFS service the URL "/url/" in "Display Name Attribute" &amp; "Group Attribute" of the SAML 2.0 plugin (See Snapshot) is not accessible from the Jenkins servers as this is a offline server and has limited / no access to internet (outside the organisation 's network).
Please let me know if it is necessary to have Jenkins server connectivity to "/url/" for my configuration to work ?
Here is my Jenkins metadata (keys removed): .
/pre/     Why does Jenkins not work with behave?
Tests are being triggered from Jenkins running against selenoid in EC2 but similar exceptions are observed when selenoid is hosted in local and tests are triggered in local.
The issue which I have with my Jenkins job is that my Jenkins workspace is getting wiped out right after the build.
The advice seems to be to encode the password, but I am unable to figure out how to do this within our jenkins pipeline.
Problem: During my Jenkins process I am able to establish a connection with the EC2 instance I want to copy files to but I keep getting the following errors: .
After Windows 10 update to 1903 automated test launched from Jenkins using slave-client.
I 've tried deleting Jenkins_Agent via "sc stop Jenkins_Agent" but that did not fix the issue .
/pre/  When Jenkins tr to build this project, it returns the given error message: .
Once admin rights are present, my batch script is not delivering any output into the Jenkins 's console.
Once running from a folder with admin rights, all of my batch scripts are running smoothly, but in a separate cmd window and I 'm not getting any output into the Jenkins 's console.
Going into Jenkins Script Console and doing /code/ shows the wrong value.
Got 'Agent is offline because Jenkins failed to launch the agent process' and got the 'Launch' button for webstart.
Bitbucket is sending webhooks to the above URL and is getting HTTP 200 response, so the problem relies in Jenkins.
/pre/  When running jenkins pipeline i get this error  .
CopyArtifact fails in jenkins pipeline with the below error: .
After pushing, my Jenkins build failed immediately on account of a check migrations detecting more were needed.
Corrext, log rotation is not a buit-in feature of Jenkins; not sure why not.
Git is is globally configured for Windows based Jenkins nodes, which leads to the following error: .
Later we enabled ssl and made the jenkins access under https:servername:8080.
The error I was facing was due to Jenkins default checkout behaviour with multibranch pipelines: it checks out and track a branch and that branch only, it does not fetch other branches.
My problem is that all the subsequent requests that the Jenkins home page relies on are returning 404 http responses.
Jenkins gives following logs:- .
/pre/  For making sure that the clustee is deleted, I build the jenkins pipeline job again.
/pre/  I`ve also tried push commit from pipeline (without jenkins credentials manager): .
after a successful update of POM files, the pom files needs to be committed and pushed back to the Master or some other branch, I have written a PowerShell script that does this but the Jenkins job is failing when there is nothing to commit.
when I am using a command like this in Powershell it is failing git diff-index --quiet HEAD ||git commit -m "Jenkins automatic update commit", any pointers how it will correctly pass in PowerShell .
Is there any other decision except Jenkins reboot?
In Jenkins, I 'm not able to send out e-mail.
Regarding redirection, actually, it is recommended to put a reverse proxy in front of the jenkins server.
I want to connect my maven project to Jenkins, but I get the following error:  .
Chrome browser is not getting launched when selenium script is triggered from jenkins.
I tried to display the json file with jenkins pipeline but i did not get to display the correct file format Evry time when i made a build, i found that the file format was changed .
It will combine log lines based on how you configure it, mostly used for exceptions and stack traces but you can probably set one up for your Jenkins build logs.
But when there is a commit I see this in the Jenkins log: .
/pre/  This still works and is enough to run Jenkins.
I have a setup at work where the vSphere host are manually restarted before execution of a specific jenkins job, as a noob in the office I automated this process by adding a extra build step to restart vm 's with the help of /url/!
I tried to build Jenkins for the first time but on my master brand got an error like this  .
8) In Jenkins log i see the below: .
I have problems cloning repositories over HTTP in Jenkins.
/pre/  I run Jenkins via docker-compose on my ubuntu server, is that something I missing or wrong ??
because my goal here using Jenkins to test my server and after the test successfully it gonna deploy my Nodejs on my ubuntu server  so after building finish on Jenkins, I could browser my server API on the browser to make sure it works on /code/  .
but on the above pipeline, is that correct that job do every time I push to master, my server API will be updated without click /code/ on Jenkins?
The problem is that my log files become really large and it 's causing issues in Jenkins.
So, there must be something that is wrong with AWS MI ec2 instances that it does not allow webhooks to reach jenkins.
After jenkins running successful tests, what 's the best way to deploy an application?
Just install Jenkins as usual, fix any selinux issues (either disable it or configure access for nginx to access localhost port 8080) and you should be good to go!
To explain the main error you are seeing, it looks like you do n't have the /code/ program installed where Jenkins is running, in a container it sounds like.
Jenkins wo n't be able to access any programs running on your local system if its running inside a container.
Seems an unresolved Jenkins Rundeck Plugin issue, check that: /url/ .
/pre/  My guess is that the fetch is running under the Jenkins service account instead of the credentials specified by ID JenkinsGit.
/pre/  The Jenkins server is running on Windows.
If it says 'Polling has not run yet', you will need to manually trigger the pipeline job once before Jenkins registers it to poke on receiving hooks.
I can get our Jenkins build to run by setting credentials.
I 'm having some problems with building my application through Jenkins and running the container on a extrernal tomcat.
But this batch file is run by Jenkins while deploying code and Jenkins runs it from c:\windows\system32 So i get weiered output like tInpu0815 .
The reason is, that on each poll jenkins will compare the remote to the local revision and will find out that the remote revision it is newer thus triggering a build.
As you can trigger a poll by calling some url on your jenkins server, its merely some configuration on the scm server to trigger a poll exactly after a commit has happened.
That way, after an abort, jenkins will only trigger a poll on the next commit to the repository.
While trying to execute some shell command to a remote server from Jenkins, I am getting "Host key verification failed."
Now from the Jenkins browser, I want to run some shell command to a remote server (which is accessible).
To do that I already added the server (10.206.y.z) in the configure page of jenkins (by providing hostname i.e.
The problem is : What if their Jenkins is behind VPN?
How do I connect to their jenkins protected by VPN (assume VPN credentials are also provided)?
This does store some of the artifacts as long as I name them differently (some of the artifacts could n't be changed without significant changes to the underlying JMeter script), but I 'd rather not have to pass in variables to the JMeter script to modify file names based on Jenkins build parameters.
When I attach this to a Jenkins job and run it, I keep getting the unexpected Print statement in the else clause.
But make sure Jenkins have access to Docker.
I am working on setting jenkins jobs which are streams in Perforce.
In all of our Jenkins jobs we delete the files in the workspace before checking out the code:  .
Chrome Webdriver doesnot open and tests are running in Background and moreover some elements are not interactable when tests run through jenkins and the tests fail but everything works fine they are run i eclipse.
Jenkins is not able to open chrome and is running tests in the background.
I am now also getting the error on our Jenkins windows server.
That is my output in Jenkins (also tried it without the " " for the path): .
I am running jenkins on ec2 instance and my process gets killed when I close the putty session.Is there anyway I could run jenkins even after closing the session?
I have a jenkins upstream job, which on failure will trigger the downstream job, but I need to pass the same env.
But my final goal is to completely isolate the jenkins container so that it cannot be reached at all from "outside".
/pre/  When inspecting the jenkins_ci container, I can find its IP and direct my browser to this IP with port 8080.
I would like the jenkins container to be reachable only through nginx reverse proxy address.
/pre/    In your case that the content is handled by Jenkins, a rebase can be a good reason to why it stopped working.
Example What is happening now : Developers commit something in the GIT repository, Jenkins job will poll for any commits and then start the job if found any change / commit.
I 'm trying to copy files from Jenkins workspace to a remote server, but all the files were copied except .git and its related files are not copied.
How can I tell Jenkins not to fail in this case?
Is the pipeline actually configured as a Job inside Jenkins and is it triggered?
While /code/ is configured with Jenkins the changes are going to Production without any approval from business.
Nevertheless, it remains accessible from another container (here, the nginx one) thanks to the service name (so jenkins_ci).
I am trying to get ssh provider working in Jenkins pipeline, but whatever I do it refuses to invoke ssh command when IP address is passed in.
Key is added to Jenkins keystore without a passphrase as I read somewhere that there may be some problem when password is set.
Can anyone tell me how I can upload the files and give public access from a jenkins file?
/pre/  The error message by Jenkins claims: .
I encountered the very same error on the jenkins web pages instead of the login page.
So I decided to update jenkins first  .
/pre/  And I got Jenkins back, but not all plugins : some monitoring jobs were still in errors although the servers were up &amp; running.
/pre/  the jenkins job build it successfully and on the last stage my Jenkins, u can see that i run it on my docker container on my ubuntu server, after that finish, i tried to call server API on postman for /code/ , but it was nothing response, and i did set up the firewall tcp on my ubuntu serrver though .
We got this error when we executed /code/ from Jenkins, where we ran a JNLP agent on the slave-node.
/pre/  If you are using Jenkins, add /code/ to be executed somewhere by Jenkins, and check if it has any funny characters.
I was using a remote Jenkins and the stack trace started similarly to the one in this question but the root cause was failure to create a /code/ .
So far I am able to trigger a jenkins job upon PR raised and it is working fine.
However, when it is built, as soon as Spring finishes its initial logs (/code/ type of stuff), Jenkins start to hang.
Everything works fine locally but fails when running in our Jenkins CI.
Unable to get output of Failing Jenkins jobs to pipeline 's console .
I am using this with a Jenkins pipeline and it should return 1 with error exit but it is returning green.
I 'm running test cases for an IOS app using Jenkins and Sonar Qube, build is happening perfectly but test cases are not getting executed.
rm -rf /var/log/jenkins too big the log .
From the jenkins perspective - it always used to bail early if a script encountered an error, so you could try this type of syntax to prevent that (in the jenkins config this is, not in the script itself) .
I have written code in Groovy that is supposed to remotely reboot a computer through Jenkins.
when I am using token with the repository URL in git plugin, it is visible in jenkins console output, is there any way to hide the token value from console output?
/pre/  PS: I dont have any such issues in my Enterprise Jenkins version(Cloudbees core), everything seems to be working as expected, I compared every configuration but not able to find anything :( .
while triggering API TC 's in jenkins, I am getting "ECONNRESET" issue once cucumber finished the execution.
when A is down B should be up with the latest data of jenkins.
But for for some reason, I run the same test through jenkins and I get  .
You should use the key generated on the jenkins server and pass it to the destination server.
Backing up the JENKINS_HOME directory: which does n't work because the tar.gz ends up being corrupt.
The issue I encountered, is in the case that I want this to fail a Jenkins build.
You can follow the error message by clicking on the link of the message which will redirect you to the scriptApproval page of Jenkins where you can add the signature that needs approval to the approval list.
In local enviroments I have no problem, but running a production enviroment on jenkins with this script it does: .
/pre/  The build takes like 5 minutes, in the end, jenkins exit with this console output error: .
Maybe the 2 dependencies you added use lot of memory, it would explain the error you get from jenkins.
The interesting thing is that this error does not occur on another Jenkins instance.
/pre/  Please make sure that jenkins log this  .
If Jenkins and Gitlab are both installed on the same internal (school) network, try using the internal private IP address of Jenkins as the webhook URL instead of localhost.
My Jenkins server recently ran out of disk space.
/pre/  What I have found is in Jenkins, if there is any test case intermittent failure, such message is shown in the Console Output:  .
So How may I work around this issue in Jenkins ?
I am using p4Plugin in Jenkins to sync the code before running the actual scripts.
I am working with docker on swarm mode, One of my services is Jenkins, sometime I need to remove and add the stack, the problem is that all the data of Jenkins configuration are lost.
So how can I store all my Jenkins jobs/config and will able to see it even after redeploying the stack?
After some research (jenkins.err.log) it turned out that some other application grabbed the port 8080 that was used by Jenkins up to this point.
Everything works great, except that if the build fails inside the Docker container then Jenkins still reads this as a successful build.
/pre/  If /code/ returns an error, then Jenkins still sees it as a success.
I have been testing updating Oracle Java 8 to Red Hat OpenJDK Java 11 on a Windows Jenkins server, but I seem to have hit a wall.
My Jenkins instance is stating that Java 11 is unsupported, returning the following error after I updated the JENKINS_HOME JRE files: "We detected that your JVM is not supported by Jenkins.
Stopped and disabled Jenkins service 2.
Confirmed Jenkins site was working properly, then stopped and disabled service again 6.
After navigating to the Jenkins site, I received the error message about the JVM being unsupported.
Started Jenkins service, only to receive the same error.
And finally the /url/ in the error message does not work, and the only information provided by /url/ is a note stating XStream requires Java 8, which is in direct conflict with /url/ that says Jenkins supports Java 8 and 11.
This is working fine most of the time but has some drawbacks, for instance when a new key-value pair is introduced in a given endpoint, I have no means to see in Jenkins build 's automated test that something was added in a response (restassured' matchesJsonSchema method does not account for extra items that were not defined in POJO class beforehand - meaning if there is no "x" field defined in class and it 's retrieved in the endpoint response, test will still pass).
Jenkins has known bugs with proxy settings from /url/, /url/, /url/, etc.
If you are working on Jenkins then this worked for me  .
The Jenkins job and data visualization tools are failing which was working fine previously.
/pre/  This error disappears only when i run jenkins container as ROOT.
How do I change  -Xms10m -Xmx192m in jenkins X?
The script should only change jenkins relevant clients, so you 'll need to pass something to the script in the trigger definition to signify that it is for a jenkins job.
Everything works fine except the past jenkins build automatically flip to fail status the next day when a new schedule run kicks in and it also removed the past build results.
registering your private key as a Credential in Jenkins (assuming your have the /url/ installed) Make sure to copy /code/ up to /code/, without missing a '-' (as /url/) .
Wanted to troubleshoot the 'LtpScript' - Section and searched through the Jenkins-Build Log --> but unfortunately I could not even find the Message 'Copying database scripts'.... .
**HTTP ERROR 404 Problem accessing /job/projectname/148/artifact/report//var/lib/jenkins/jobs/projectname/builds/148/archive/report/test-result-6.xml.
Now, when I checked in db, I am getting all the jenkins jobs in collector_items.
Using Jenkins groovy API how to know the status of a build whether it 's success or failure .
This is not so much of a jenkins pipeline issue but more a Windows Batch programming issue.
This test is visible in Jenkins/workspace.
In an effort run to build this test in Jenkins, it gives always the same mistake: : ERROR: File not found: test name .
You can run all /code/ commands within your local machine, but if you run /code/ in your local machine you will have to access the Jenkins page through this address /url/.
But it has different data (old data) in compare with running image outside of jenkins (without jenkins, directly in terminal).
I removed the Jenkins_home/ directory and the problem resolved.
But jenkins just jumps to the next batch command when the pdf is around 30mb and then the pdf gets deleted.
Through file system, create or edit the file $JENKINS_HOME/secrets/slave-to-master-security-kill-switch so that it contains false.
/pre/  so I guess the /code/ script has been execute successfully, but when jenkins finish the build it will kill all the process it created, am I right?
The Jenkins job and data visualization tools are failing which was working fine previously.
Whether /code/ task is success or failed, the jenkins build will be succeeded.
I am facing issue in jenkins file.
Lastly, not surprisingly, when running the Build on Jenkins I get an error.
These files contain timestamps, build numbers, commit and branch ids, indications of the builder (Jenkins or a developer), etc.
I have following *.json file in the jenkins $workspace location.
The Jenkins job stops, if newman exits with a failure (exit code != 0).
Failing tests in the first run will not fail the Jenkins job.
/pre/  With explicitly defining "set +e", Jenkins continues on failure.
In my Jenkins pipeline I am calling the following method to publish my unit test results - a junit xml file - to my Hygieia dashboard.
How to get some "Jenkins-like" view, where I can see all builds grouped by repositories with their last run (or last few runs) and status?
If you will see your log output, you will notice /code/ at the start of execution which confirms that /code/ in Jenkins uses /code/ option.
I found off the internet that NTAuthority/system is the likely candidate for Powershell, but I would guess the Groovy script is running as the same user as the Jenkins service?
I have configured a Jenkins Job which will trigger when a PR is raised against a particular Branch.
If you run a Jenkins server in your company, it would be good to also run a Nexus or Artifatory server that manages your Java artifacts (external and internal ones).
I recently noticed an entry in the list of jobs on our jenkins server that is empty and I 'm not sure how to dig deeper.
I explored the jenkins server web page for another way to access the details of the nameless job with no success.
Browsing the jobs folder on the machine running the jenkins instance did n't reveal any obvious source of the nameless job.
The exit code is from curl, not from Jenkins.
I have a Gradle build in Jenkins that always marks my LFS files as modified without any actual diff in them.
I think it may be related to the way Jenkins runs LFS but I am not sure.
It seems like a simple solution would be to install /code/ on the Jenkins agent, like I have locally, and get on with it (I have not tried that yet) but still I would like to know what 's going on with the "magic" LFS support in Jenkins and why Git would say that the LFS files have been modified locally every time I try to build on Jenkins.
After upgrading to Sonarqube v7.9.1, Jenkins build jobs are failing with below error -  .
Changing the SMTP Port allowed Jenkins to go through.
now i 'm trying to recreate this build process with Jenkins and the problem that when i set a maven target as war it returns an error msg  .
Jenkins or /url/ to 1) validate the operation (e.g.
I found an issue in the Jenkins bug tracker that exactly describes my problem, but it appears to be abandoned: /url/ .
How do I get a load statistics graph of the entire Jenkins installation that includes the executors of the master node?
Below is my Jenkins error:- .
I am learning how to run a maven project in Jenkins but Jenkins has given me this error(invalid LOC header (bad signature)) do I need to add the dependency for this also.
There are more error in Jenkins, check that too, please .
I have tried restarting the last Jenkins job in my browser by running /code/ which is restarting the last Jenkins build for that branch successfully.
Can anyone suggest me how to restart/rebuild the last Jenkins build for a job using curl command.
UFW on Jenkins Ubuntu: /url/ Google Cloud firewall: /url/ Agent Firewall: /url/ /url/ Unfortunately my port is still closed and i ca n't connect.
/pre/     Error: render error in "jenkins/templates/deprecation.yaml": template: jenkins/templates/deprecation.yaml:105:14: executing "jenkins/templates/deprecation.yaml" at : error calling fail: /code/ does no longer exist.
/pre/  There wont be any issues while running the same on windows machine , the isssue not there while running the npm commands from the jenkins workspace manualy .
So from the logs i think jenkins blocking creating new process from the build .
In my scenario i am using Jenkins freestyle job to clone the git repository, after that it should parse the keywords like (Error, ERROR, error) in log files of particular path in my Workspace, if the condition finds the error the Jenkins should fail the job else it should proceed further steps.
From the Jenkins log I got the following error : .
2) I can get a curl from Jenkins container to Mongo 's full IP address.
I did n't try that yet (I do not have proper access right to servers with Jenkins), but when I do it I will update the answer.
Indeed,  Jenkins throws this error :  .
If you do n't have one (I would really recommend you to have one - without a Nexus/Artifactory, a Jenkins is not really useful), you can login on the Jenkins machine as the Jenkins user and install these files into the Jenkins local repository.
Then they are inside the local repository of Jenkins and you can access them.
I am trying to redo the old sonarqube scan on a new sonarqube server.But when I tried to run the scan by taking a particular /code/ (this is from the date 2015)from the bit bucket it shows an error on the jenkins: .
I have yet to explain why it was n't working on the Jenkins server though.
but am unable to connect database while doing Jenkins build.
/pre/  In jenkins after reading online i added another step to resolve msbuild path error i was able to perform the build directly from command prompt but it still fails when i run through pipeline.
/pre/  When I start build in jenkins I get the below error .
Added GenerateAssemblyInfo as false in .csproj Restarted Jenkins .
so, How can we convert them into understandable format and how we can get the starttime and endtime of Jenkins Job?
portainer) work fine with /code/ The jenkins container required /code/ permissions on the /code/ command to successfully access the Docker UNIX socket (using Docker-Desktop on Windows).
I am a Jenkins admin and one of the applications running over it is getting following error.
I use the following block in Jenkins to upload artifacts: .
I have installed jenkins-2.176.3 (windows application) and want to setup a basic pipeline on jenkins in which I want to get version of docker to check if docker works with my pipeline but I keep on getting an error that "C:/../durable/script.sh:line1:docker command not found", How should I be able to make docker work inside my Jenkins pipeline?
When I I copy my Private project to link to Jenkins, I get some error like this: .
When I am executing the same code from eclipse then it works, but it is not working in jenkins.
But if you still want it, you can store job xml configuration in Git, and then update job through Jenkins API using a local script or even another Jenkins job.
/pre/  Here is my code and confguration    Jenkins -> configure system     Name :SonarQube     Server URL :  /url/     Server authentication token : Sonarqube authentication token .
Either the machine Jenkins is running on has no access to the repo (needs proxy perhaps, or has an incorrect hosts entry, etc.)
I get password authentication error, when deployed through Jenkins and build fails : .
/pre/  How to load,inject and decrypt those SSM name values from properties file during Jenkins build.
But, in Jenkins the values are not decrypted and shown as error for "${devl-username} .
/pre/  I see that job Y is triggered, but I got a jenkins error there .
You push latest to the hub from your Jenkins job, but if the k8s node which runs the deployment pod already has a tag called /code/ stored locally, then that 's what it will use.
I want to install jenkins on my server, unfortunately, I ca n't run Java, i have this error : .
However, when a Jenkins job runs the same command via groovy, I get the following error: .
needless to say that I have the right configuration their that 's point to the Jenkins file and repository and saved but every time I come back to "configuration" it all disappear.
I m looking for sending HTML reports through jenkins to Outlook.
/pre/  The shared lib is correctly configured at Jenkins and I have just returned /code/ to check whether it is working.
Check jenkins logs for exact error.
I have jenkins 2.190.1 and while installing GitLab plugin version 1.4.2, I am getting this error.
Can Jenkins master and Jenkins slave run different versions of jerkins and still be compatible and trigger all the slave jobs?
I tried to give a better overview on the extent of tests in the result view on a Jenkins Server.
That would explain the error message when run from Jenkins.
A Jenkins set to do /url/ would typically lock that file on a regular basis.
With the push event you only know that it happens and Jenkins will load the code.
While running the build via Jenkins I am geeting the following error message: .
I used below URL in jenkins to collect the data.
However, that would require my Jenkins slave to be connected as root, something that is unacceptable for me.
We are running an integration test in jenkins with flaky test plugin and retrying it on failure.
I am getting below error "Jenkins query failed with exception 'A connection attempt failed because the connected party did not respond after a period of time Or Established connection failed because connected host has failed to respond'" while setup service hook.
You do n't need to restart whole jenkins if you are modifying slave variables.
It is building locally but failing with the following error in Jenkins.
Everything is working fine but the issue is whenever I try to access Jenkins via the hostname it is redirecting the URL to IP address which I do n't want.
Facing issues with Jenkins With every restart I need to start Jenkins with some unique Port.
/pre/  To me it looks like somehow Jenkins is not able to recognize the hostname because hostname is empty in this error -  .
However, after configuring jenkins on that container, I now wanted to transfer the data in that /jenkins_home volume into a C:\jenkins_home folder on my local windows host machine\another machine.
/pre/  but it does n't transfer the data over using the new c:\jenkins_home folder .
/pre/  Ca n't get the data to transfer over from the /jenkins_home folder to c:\jenkins_home folder.
Request Headers   Provisional headers are shown   Access-Control-Request-Headers: authorization,jenkins-crumb   Access-Control-Request-Method: GET   Origin: /url/   Referer: /url/   User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/77.0.3865.90 Safari/537.36 .
I am getting following error and getting same path as string in my email body after executing the Jenkins script- .
The html file which i have received from jenkins is not looking as expected.
I 'm not a fan of approuving this security exception througth Jenkins, nor I 'm a fan about disabling Jenkins sandbox.
However, the ADFS SSL certificate was updated post which we are not getting the Jenkins login page.
However, now that we are not able to login to Jenkins I 'm not aware of the procedure to update the metadata for ADFS SAML 2.0 integration.
step 4) Now connection is established between Jenkins and fortify-SSC.
/pre/  Jenkins is set up correctly, both e-mail notifications and extended e-mail notifications are configured the same way.
/pre/  I am getting the following under a jenkins build:- [DEBUG] No solution found because the problem is unsatisfiable.
When only abc.txt file is pushed to master branch then only webhook has to be triggered and Jenkins job has to be run.
/pre/  The problem is face is the volumes are not mounting in the /code/ from the /code/ (which is the volume of the Jenkins container).
I want to connect to linux server,and and subit some code to execute on server,need to poll the status of the execution of code on timely basis,without using jenkins agent continously.
/pre/  When I build in jenkins I have the error :  .
In my case the error stems from Jenkins trying to find updates from the Internet, despite having no update server settings set and being on an internal network with no Internet access.
Failing that can one prevent Jenkins from doing any periodic checks for updates?
I want to get rid of, certainly more common, exceptions in the Jenkins log and the nasty red message that comes up on the manage plugins pages.
I tried changing the port number in jenkins.xml and restarting the process.. nothing worked .
It works perfectly without jenkins.
When I start the job in Jenkins to run on Slave machine, it starts the job but the problem is, it cannot find for example the gradle.build, as it 's located in my Local machine and not in Slave machine.
Complementary Question: If I make a local git for my network on the same machine that runs Jenkins, it is going to be a problem?
My company is using jenkins job to run liquibase on oracle database.
The problem is that the variables are not passed to the pipeline script read from the workspace - the Jenkins configuration for the generated pipeline looks exactly the same as the file, without any interpretation on the variables.
I tried to run the Jenkins job using "CURL" command but getting the below error .
/pre/  When Jenkins excutes make -j8 and ctest -j8, and gcov -abcr $test_file I do get the related .gcno files, .gcda files, and gcov files.
But when Jenkins excutes curl -s /url/ | bash -s - -t c85ebdca-ec7c-4301-a6ed-7967cf175db5 to upload the data files to codecov,  the output seems strange.
And at the last the Jenkins tells me the build fails, so I ca n't see the coverage report in codecov.
The dll exists and the permissions is assigned to Jenkins .
After finishing running on either Jenkins slave /master , it will send the result &amp; the artifacts back to the Jenkins.
When I got a similar /code/ error from Jenkins: .
1) Get Jenkins Job and save each build "number" (json response1)   .
/pre/  2) Get each Jenkins Job Build and save "parameters" (json response2)   .
does anyone know how to modify the session timeout and session eviction in Jenkins for Windows?
save Jenkins commit ID to file and add the file to git ignore .
If same it 's mean commit from Jenkins, if not it 's mean commit is not from Jenkins .
This solves the problem we encountered where /code/ dependencies in /code/ were not being resolved in our jenkins pipeline.
The Jenkins job succeeded because /code/ returned exit code /code/, which means that no errors were encountered.
Jenkins jobs will fail if the underlying scripts fail (e.g.
I am using Jenkins jobs which gets triggered from code.
The Proguard mapping was working until around September 12th, which was the last time Gradle (via Jenkins) logged /code/ and related logs into /code/.
Function to send emailable-report.html via email is not working when run from Jenkins but it works fine in local.
However when run from Jenkins, build success but no email is sent.
I already set hostname and smtp port is matched with Jenkins server.
If you use Jenkins v2.107.1 and later, updating session-timeout is not enough.
/pre/  Actual result of the above code in Jenkins log: .
Make sure node is created on your Jenkins server.
I am using Jenkins, Maven, and Chromedriver to execute selenium scripts but while running multiple projects at same time it is giving me this error.
But for a permanent value test result in Jenkins my tests should every time "true" without these problems/errors.
However, that previous strategies involve affecting all jobs on the Jenkins server, not just in your Github organization.
Can I do something within the Jenkins pipeline to prevent the new commit from launching a new Jenkins job, or would this require a whole rework of the workflow?
Stopping Jenkins does n't seem to help either.
It stays the same even if I stop Jenkins.
According to the error messages, it shows that Azure devops did not successfully connect Jenkins.
To resolve this issue, just like 4c74356b41 commented, you should make sure you could access the Jenkins from the public internet.
May be that is the reason Jenkins is not able to decide which pipeline to trigger when there are multiple pipelines talking to same repository.
/pre/     The config profile (test) could not be found    is the error i am getting from Jenkins Pipeline.
But my challenge is that over time, if the jenkins service is started in a different worker node, it will lose contents already created.
I installed 'log parser plugin' in Jenkins which will parse the keywords like /Error/ in the console output and make the build to fail.
Issue: After the build, the excel gets updated in Jenkins workspace but I want to push it to GitLab as well.
It will cause jenkins fail if docker container xxx is not existed.
The unit tests which run in LEGACY mode on jenkins fail as some required android resources are missing, hence the issue.
The problem is that standalone.sh seems to require an interactive terminal and I need to stop it with CTRL+C for the docker cp command to work, this is a problem when want to run this from Jenkins.
I 'm getting the following error in Jenkins' job: .
In such case you can try either programmatically force the method approval (see the answer here: /url/) or manually update the $JENKINS_ROOT/scriptApproval.xml file on the Jenkins server.
The latter will require root permissions and Jenkins server restart to take effect (the option "Reload Configuration from Disk" will not work).
However if I try to send an email from the Pipeline using the mail-ext plugin, there 's a connection error with return code -1(in the manage jenkins test mail section) and the email does n't send even though the console output shows success.
I debugged Jenkins UI slowness using: .
"tcpdump" on the host to see what requests it is getting, and if Jenkins tried to poll some network resources that could be slow to respond.
Connected the profiler to the Jenkins JVM over SSH, which worked great.
These logs are /url/ as log recorders under Manage Jenkins -> System Log -> Log Recorders.
This was for a Jenkins Java package that was getting accessed all the time and had detailed tracing enabled.
The main Jenkins log is in /var/log/jenkins and it was not showing any of this log, which was also a bit confusing as it was one of the first things I looked at.
After /url/ 's comment above that it works fine in his Jenkins; I came to the conclusion that it has nothing to do with the pipeline and it might be: a. Jenkins Plugin issue.
I am not Jenkins expert but this solved the issue for me.
(The Jenkins server has to do extra things such as download and start our product; locally I have it running already.)
If you are using any DevOps Pipeline - create environment variables from Jenkins for password file path or actual value.
/pre/  Using this just stalls my whole jenkins slaves farm as all slots gets filled with the checkout part and then no slot is available to launch the containers.
When trying to set my jenkins /code/ to /code/ so that it runs in RAM, I receive the following error: .
But, i ca n't run jenkins service, always crashed : /url/ .
/pre/  Jenkins is reporting an error and i see the coverage report just for service1 .
(But this must be somehow usable with Jenkins too :| ).
Most likely this is a Jenkins bug.
I have a Jenkins pipeline that all stages complete and report as Success but the overall build is marked as Failed.
Jenkins was working fine on Firefox until a couple of weeks back.
Getting below strange error in Jenkins pipeline .
When Jenkins tried to run the image I listed in the Jenkinsfile, I get this error: .
Error: docker: Error response from daemon: the working directory 'C:\Users\Joel.jenkins\workspace\symview-3_master' is invalid, it needs to be an absolute path.
/pre/  Its working but not getting any email from Jenkins.
So it seems I missed the following instructions in the Jenkins.xml file: .
The error that we get while building in jenkins is: .
/pre/  This is the output that I receive in the jenkins console log: .
However, Jenkins does not seem to raise any exceptions or errors, nor does it create files.
For triggering Jenkins when a push to a repository happened I recommend /url/.
/pre/  But jenkins build fails at the final copy command with the following errors: .
When attempting to run a windows batch command in our Jenkins multibranch pipeline to do the same thing, it successfully loads the remote client DLL file and then gets stops on "Error 7: Hardlock not found."
Can anyone tell me how to setup a Windows machine running OpenJDK as a Jenkins node/agent with the Jenkins node/agent components running as a Windows service?
Since Jenkins successfully connects to the agent, I do not suspect problems there.
So, somebody must have deleted Build #9 manually from Jenkins (my guess).
But just before entering the email Jenkins throws this error.
It might be the case that your Jenkins is n't able to access that file, especially outside of it 's workspace.
Anyhow it 's not a good approach to tamper with the filesystem from Jenkins, not even talking about what mess file handlers can cause if multiple access attempts are made.
I happen to face this problem where restart was required to update jenkins version , I tried by url but faced the error - jenkins cannot restart itself as currently configured.
With kubernetes, I 'm trying to deploy jenkins image &amp; a persistent volume mapped to a NFS share (which is mounted on all my workers) .
Other thing, perhaps it is stupid :  with my jenkins image, I would like to mount the /code/ dir to a persistent volume in order to keep jenkins 's configuration files.
/pre/  It seems that using kinit from within a Jenkins job does n't understands the password and splits it into two different strings and therefore it fails to create the ticket because it fails to authenticate.
I tried passing along a /code/ param downstream, and then /code/ into it but got "permission denied" which makes sense, because jenkins jobs should not overlap in directories.
It means in Jenkins I am not able to verify if newly deployed pod is running or failing.
My requirement is I want to get the actual status of pod back in Jenkins to mark pipeline success/failed.
As workaround I wrote shell script which checks the status of pod (using grep)for certain amount of time post "oc rollout" and send exit status back to Jenkins shell.
Do we have standard utility in openshift/kubernetes which can provide me exact status of pod post deployment on which I can rely and using which I can mark my deployment pipeline success/fail in Jenkins.
/pre/  The problem is that since the step number 2 contains some failures (bugs found by the validations), Jenkins stops the build steps after its execution, ignoring the rest of it.
Another thing to check is if your using the Jenkins HSTS filter plugin "which adds a response header indicating that HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) response headers should be sent."
Master jenkins shows below error on launch from browser: .
/pre/    Why master Jenkins give this exception?
When I try to make a build on my Jenkins server it gives me following error in console output .
But when I try the same through my CI (Jenkins), it errors because I assume of the spaces in the test name.
Jenkins is not likely running as the same user as your manual run.
By now, I 'm able to access my jenkins.testdomain.com site alright, trigger the pipeline to start the process after pushing to my repo, and start to run the stages; but it 's here when start to fail nginx, when the pipeline reaches the Deliver phase (let 's read 'npm build' phase), sometimes in the Build phase ('npm install').
It 's at this point, reading the Jenkins console output where I see when it gets stuck and eventually shows a 502 Bad Gateway error.
*1 connect() failed (111: Connection refused) while connecting to upstream, client: 85.146.85.194, server: jenkins.testdomain.com,   request: "GET /job/Basic%20NodeJS-React%20app/8/console HTTP/1.1",   upstream: "https:   //127.0.0.1:8080/job/Basic%20NodeJS-React%20app/8/console", host:   "jenkins.testdomain.com", referrer: "https:   //jenkins.testdomain.com/job/Basic%20NodeJS-React%20app/8/" .
*1 SSL_do_handshake() failed (SSL: error:1408F10B:SSL routines:ssl3_get_record:wrong version number) while SSL handshaking   to upstream, client: 85.146.85.194, server: jenkins.testdomain.com,   request: "GET /favicon.ico HTTP/1.1", upstream: "https:   //127.0.0.1:8080/favicon.ico", host: "jenkins.testdomain.com",   referrer: "https:   //jenkins.testdomain.com/job/Basic%20NodeJS-React%20app/8/console" ... .
Run your tests on CI server (like Jenkins) and then publish it as HTML report; .
An also If add some other plugins that will fail because they have dependecies on each other, I suspect for some reason the Jenkins loads some default version of these plugins and that 's cause the issue.
However below when the same test case is running in Jenkins server during build, the same test case is failing (snap from server log)- .
Under Junit - ResultBuilderTest following test case is failing in jenkins (code as below ): .
Better to exit python script with some message or code except /code/ and the handle the message or code at Jenkins side.
/pre/  In the above, your job will not be marked failed and you will able to handle the job status on Jenkins instead from the python script.
In Jenkins node it is showing This node is offline because it uses an old slave.jar In salve machine, executed  javaws /url/ command which is throwing exception.
So this is well and all, but whenever I trigger a parallel pipeline on this Jenkins container, if I use a different Azure subscription, the profile file will naturally get overwritten with the different credentials, which causes the other health check to fail whenever it gets to the next vm run-command execution since it 's looking for a Resource Group, which exists in a different subscription.
Our Jenkins was running /code/ and every PR was outputted as and error .
However, from the output from Jenkins, the VM that I 've been trying to connect to is "Running" and it is booted up properly.
But from jenkins, I am facing many issues to execute the same project.
Here 's the jenkins error logs: .
Passing Jenkins credentials as environment variables works as expected.
I had written a json file which I want to upload in jenkins workspace to print the properties in json file, but file parameter does n't seem to work.
Here is my jenkins console output where it skips reading json file: .
/pre/  Also, as Tom mentioned, a console application can still open a window and this is really useful to have in Jenkins as you can then write insightful messages to the console which will be logged by Jenkins.
Airflow task intended to trigger already created Jenkins job using JenkinsJobTriggerOperator fails with No crumb included error.
Below is the error I get in Jenkins when I try to deploy the second group of Lambdas after the first group runs successfully.
Build fails with the below error on Jenkins, Google cloud , ubuntu compute engine setup.
In randomly by chance vpn tunnel blip out for few second, it causing jenkins disconnect to all slaves and distubes running job ( I felt like ASA sending /code/ packet when my tunnel blip out and that terminating all connection) .
As we are doing browser testing, I am using jenkins, selenium, google chrome and chromedriver on my local machine.
When I run my npm tests in Jenkins I get the following error that chrome has crashed .
Now when the same code runs in jenkins I get this error  .
I am trying to connect JIRA via Jenkins and updating the JIRA Issue status once my Jenkins Job is triggered and successfully executed or failed .
:( Whenever I ran my Jenkins build to update the Cloudformation stack, I get this error:  .
[ERROR] [ERROR] Please refer to C:\Jenkins\workspace\IPP-BDD-Sanity-Pack\target\surefire-reports for the individual test results.
Alter your Jenkins job to pause until your user data script has completed running (refer to the /url/) .
One subtle point is results that should be somehow shown in Jenkins: You might want to share the volume with /code/ folder with the Jenkins "host machine" so that Jenkins 's plugins that are supposed to show the results of tests will work.
I am Using Commande "sudo service jenkins start" in centos to run jenkins but its runned in backround as service but me i want to visual what happen in selenium tests and open browser.any idea plz!
For  and  as below, Jenkins job while releasing will start complaining about local modifications.
I have the below in values.yaml for  /url/ and it is all fine except I can only access jenkins through http, but not https .
Jenkins shows Protractor tests as successful when the console clearly shows failure.
/pre/     Error: could not import volume: frontend failed to import volume: PV   cicd-jenkins-09159 already exists for volume cicd-jenkins-034fd (400   Bad Request) command terminated with exit code 1 .
Seen a lot of container services that is mounted with volumes, like jenkins.
Unless you specifically write your loading code differently just to appease Jenkins.
/pre/  In the jenkins pipeline build I am getting the below error.
I created a new Jenkins server, but I noticed the duration of the main class is in yr.
I was able to login from my master to slave server through SSH, but while setting up slave node in jenkins UI.
I need to push a file from my Jenkins CI server on build, the branch require pull requests, is there a way to exclude a certain user or file from mandatory pull requests?
I am facing an Out of Memory issue while running Jmeter script through Jenkins.The process is there is code written in framework that will convert the generated XML file result to CSV then HTML to Publish the report in dashboard.
The challenge of getting this working under a ingress apart, I was getting a similar error, and if I understood it right: the /code/ should exist under Jenkins main port (usually 8080).
I have a number of Jenkins pipeline and I would like to delete the directory when the pipeline finishes, (pass or fail).
I need to access commit message of current fetch from git repository, while completing some /code/ steps of different stages of a pipe in jenkins; but I did n't find any proper solution for it.
If you want add a timestamp to every request from browser to jenkins server.
However, the problem persists in my Jenkins job.
I wish to have this documented in a report but I get this error: '/var/lib/jenkins/workspace/.../target/site' does not exist.
And saying that jenkins was waiting for executor available.
Is there a way to cache the analysis data remotely aswell or am I forced to run bazel directly on the jenkins agent so it does n't shut itself off after build completion?
Problem was that since jenkins was running as a service on the windows slave, the signing tool failed finding the imported certificate on the Personal Certificate store (which is supposed to be the default store picked by the signing tool according to microsoft /url/) .
I was getting the following error from jenkins console: .
With the following workaround I was able to fix the signing issue on jenkins: .
Every alternate build fails with reason : missing workspace /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/JenkinsDockerPipeline_master/PP .
When using jenkins /code/ call, you can define /code/ but not /code/ as /code/ is just printed to log and not passed to the variable.
When this happens I have to discover what slave is being used, and then I have to log on that slave, sudo to jenkins account and execute either jstack or kill -3 .
In my local its running perfectly, by running the same tests from eclipse and from command prompt also it is working fine, but not working in jenkins the fallowing is the cause of the failure:  .
The buildjob in Jenkins runs fine, all tests are executed and a junit.xml is created and moved to the workspace.
/pre/  Although this gives me no errors, and works when I run docker build and docker run, the actual directory (Jenkins) does not get created in /home/myname/Docker, or anywhere in fact.
Why does no Jenkins get created, there are no errors, so what is the problem?
When I test these on my machine it works, however when I test this on Jenkins it fails.
But the problem is that Jenkins does n't change directory with command /code/.
The output of these tests is in JUnit XML and it is read by Jenkins.
I tried to set the env.PATH variable as it sends some jenkins forums but I did n't get results .
The communication between Jenkins to Splunk happens through this will not be useful for indexing all the files with different file format.
Following my error in jenkins  .
Caught: groovy.lang.MissingPropertyException: No such property: Jenkins for class: hudson3067346520259876246   groovy.lang.MissingPropertyException: No such property: Jenkins for class: hudson3067346520259876246       at hudson3067346520259876246.run(hudson3067346520259876246.groovy:17)   Build step 'Execute Groovy script' marked build as failure .
I see this error because my jenkins failed this morning, but yesterday a 6:30pm all work fine!
I am having an issue uploading a file using Seleinum code when running on Jenkins.
However, when running on Jenkins, the WebElement.SendKeys(..) is throwing exception that says :org.openqa.selenium.InvalidArgumentException: invalid argument: File not found  ".
I have a csproj-file that I want to compile on my jenkins-server and that contains a postbuild-event: .
Being Jenkins unable to provide me evidence of the error visible in the browser, I try to get track of the elements visible on the screen and, while in the passed test is evident that the second screen is visible and the test continues, in the failed test is evident that the button I am trying to click is still on screen and the second form is not loaded.
We 've been using Jenkins for years without issue so I doubt it 's an issue with that.
I ca n't get the child to build on the Jenkins server.
Specific Jenkins builds are not compiling Json reports and seem to be throwing an exception:  .
You should check the exact url and address of the Jenkins instance inside your tomcat.
After it, opened /url/ which was expecting to open Jenkins home page but rather I can see following message there -  .
One way to figure out whether/what is wrong with the Jenkins machine is to remote debug the failing tests- .
Brand new to Jenkins so forgive any noob errors.
hi I have a simple pipeline job that should send a mail, I configured on Manage jenkins -> Configure System with port 465 and the appropriated SMTP server , when I test the configuration by sending a e-mail  , it sends and I can see the test mail on my inbox , but from the pipeline job , it fails:  .
It appears (please correct me if I have the terminology incorrect) that Jenkins does what 's called a bare clone which means you wo n't have access to any refs unless you specifically fetch them.
I 'd like it to fail back in Jenkins.
Jenkins is great at telling me when there are updates available for Jenkins 's core or when there are security vulnerabilities in plug-ins.
/url/ (Yes, I 've already updated my Jenkins instance to patch these issues, post screen-shot).
Ok, so following up Will Jenkins' suggestion that the problem with /code/ being called after the test.
Does Jenkins provide a variable when replay is ran?
Facing this issue with Jenkins in windows, I fixed this issue by setting Environmental variable to Gradle as fixed my issue.
Jenkins job job 1 create a s3 bucket and store its state in s3  .
I can build it locally with no problem, but during jenkins build, i am getting error for not able to find the my-app.jar.
Now main problem was that due to linux OS on my Jenkins server, there were permission problem for few of my node_modules folders , so build was getting failure every time.
Exit code 126 just mean the command is found/recognized but is not executable, wich could mean a permissions problem (for which jenkins normally outputs an error message), or anything else for all i know.
I have the following script for jenkins pipeline where am trying to fetch the git successful commit, Can someone please help me why the variable value is not printing?
When I open the command prompt and execute the Robot framework job, it opens the browser and executes the automation with no problems (only problem I see is with executing the job with Jenkins).
But Jenkins gives me the following error: .
If the same credential was working earlier and it stopped working then the primary reason for this problem is password mismatch/changed on gmail client and not updated in Jenkins or other CI server.
I 'm running Jenkins on a Windows Server 2012 which runs ok, but I ca n't restart Jenkins e.g.
The error I get in the jenkins.err.log is .
/pre/  So apparently the port that Jenkins was running on (8080) is still in use after the restart.
We can save the time while for loading by uncheck the box for "Delete directory before loading” (under Jenkins job configuration), uncheck the "Delete the directory before loading" option to prevent a full load.
Problem: Jenkins will not trust my certificate, (Confirmed by Wireshark traces), appears certificate is not loading to the keystore (or correct keystore) .
In Jenkins: Unable to connect to ldaps://taxmducs01-v.cybertax.cso.com:636 : javax.naming.CommunicationException: simple bind failed: taxmducs01-v.cybertax.cso.com:636 [Root exception is javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed:  .
Jenkins build is failing with below errors:  However after wiping out the workspace it works fine.
/pre/  But the issue here is that our ECR login relies on running a shell command on the Jenkins worker  (which has aws cli installed) to log in and access the image.
I 've noticed that if I delete a failing test from my repository, or rename a failing test, the Allure reports generated by Jenkins continue to show failures for the old tests, even though they no longer exist and did not run in the most recent job.
I need to copy my SSH key into that container so that Bitbucket recognizes it and I can have my Jenkins server access the repo then.
I am trying to setup Jenkins server for automatic building for Unity, but I am getting gradle error.
This means we cannot provide a Jenkins crumb so that the request can authenticate properly.
I can get the all details and logs but i need anutomatically build the jenkins job.
It gave a whole lot of std out on the console, but at this stage I am new to Jenkins so do n't know if they are errors or something expected.
I got Jenkins deployed and I opened Jenkins, but after selecting the standard plugins, I get an error: .
You must ensure that whatever process runs the GUI tests (might be a java / cmd / ssh process if you 're connected to Jenkins) is not running on session 0 as it wo n't have access to Desktop and the Windows UI in general.
From the web UI Assuming a .hpi file has been downloaded, a logged-in Jenkins administrator may upload the file from within the web UI: .
In Jenkins machine, under Access log of Apache software I get the issue as below: .
/pre/  nexusPolicyEvaluation is a built-in function of the Nexus Jenkins Plugin which is doing some POST-requests to the IQ Server I think.
The actual Server URL is configured inside Jenkins 's system configuration i.e.
Why I do n't get junit coverage report in Jenkins?
Jenkins "Poll Mailbox Trigger" (under Build Trigger) is throwing error as "Error : javax.mail.MessagingException: Connection refused: connect;   nested exception is: java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused: connect ".
When i am going to configure jenkins and adding the details (smtp server , credentials ), i am able to get an email to the mailbox using the "Test configurations by sending e-mail", however the same is not working  with the same details in ""Poll Mailbox Trigger" (under Build Trigger)", can someone please suggest what did i miss ?
On Jenkins all build steps are failed (red), but this is not problem for me.
trying to fetch list of jobs from Jenkins that has 3 level folder structure, with  myhostname.com.au/jenkins/api/json?tree=jobs[_class,name,buildable] and getting 400 Bad Request as a response.
myhostname.com.au/jenkins/api/json?depth=3&amp;pretty returns all data as expected .
The issue is caused by some breaking changes introduced in the Jenkins durable-task plugin v1.31.
Solution: Upgrading the Jenkins durable-task plugin to v1.33 resolved the issue for us.
When I execute it from Jenkins and have the extent report emailed, it 's coming as blank.
may be you can try to update from Jenkins UI .
How to get the modified files using git and jenkins .
Write a code that will be triggered when a new blob arrives / existing blob gets updated, then do a request to your jenkins to queue a build.
/pre/  So I think the problem is the jenkins user does not have permission to execute the test script /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/script/test.
/pre/  I also tried giving recursive permissions to the whole jenkins folder, or just to the test file, but both still failed: /code/ or /code/ .
I 've re-applied and re-saved my configuration in jenkins, as suggested in another thread but there was no change.
So something in the build process is resetting the permissions - how can I ensure the jenkins user retains the right permissions to run this script?
The Script SCM plugin for Jenkins seems a potential solution for checking for changes in the RTC server without loading it.
/pre/  Expected to launch a new Jenkins Slave but it just hangs and never deploys a slave pod.
I generated a token in sonarqube and in Jenkins at /code/ I set up the server as below BUT I could n't find any place to insert the token (and I think this is the problem): /url/ .
Caused by: java.nio.file.AccessDeniedException: /home/jenkins/?
Caused by: java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Root directory not  writable: ?/.jenkins/cache/jars .
I have a pipeline job on Jenkins which run tests and it 's linked to repository 'A', I want to trigger this job once in repository 'B' a commit done.
Looks like test case is failing but Jenkins job is not stopping.
Check if test case changing if source code file and doing the commit back to the SCM, and on commit/push Jenkins would be polling hence resulting in a loop.
/pre/  It returns /code/ on the Jenkins console output.
My purpose is to use Jenkins pipeline to turn on the VPN, send some files over the network and then turn it off.
The reason your Jenkins build is getting marked as failure is clearly specified in error report which is you have n't added JUnit plugin as post build action.
I 've been trying to mount a hostPathVolume in a Kubernetes-plugin podTemplate and when the pod gets kicked off via Jenkins master the path is never mounted.
When my pipeline gets kicked off, my custom jenkins agent pod gets kicked off as I expect by the Jenkins master container, but my configured hostPathVolume mount is never mounted.
Wondering if it could be permissions, but jenkins and my pod log do n't show any errors or problems relating to mounting the directory or files.
I 'm trying to connect Jenkins to a fresh K8S cluster via (Kubernetes plugin), however, I 'm seeing the following error when I attempt to test.
Then I have tried to add a secret file to Jenkins credentials of my /code/ I 'm seeing this error.
How can Jenkins connect to the containers in this situation?
How can Jenkins connect to the containers in this situation?
Jenkins has either not created its ServiceAccount or ClusterRoleBinding with permissions to access the kubernetes api.
/pre/  When i am running it manually i am getting log entry in the file : jenkins.out &amp; i can see java process is running.
i am not getting any entry in the file jenkins.out while log are entered for echo commands .
Getting Error while Sending Code from Jenkins to SonarQube.
I know it is working because if I put the url from the session in my browser it redirects to my local Jenkins dashboard.
/pre/  I was getting the no bread crumbs error but I turned off CSRF in Jenkins and that seemed to resolve that issue.
I can see the Junit report inside Jenkins but now i want to copy the Junit result table inside Jenkins email after every completed run.
I expected the Junit report table can appear inside the email which send from Jenkins automatically.So, whoever receive the email they can know the status of the project./url/ .
But every run I am getting below error on jenkins : .
My jenkins URL is also correct.
/pre/  The thing is working when running locally on my Windows machine, but when it is running on the remote Jenkins linux machine the refresh does n't seem to work.
I encountered error during  building Jenkins .
I am attempting to retrieve a value stored in Jenkins Credentials in a Jenkins file script block but am unable to retreive the value              .
The following block in my jenkins file works  .
/pre/  How to I get credentials in a script block in a Jenkins file?
I have a home server I use primarily for self-hosted applications (notes, git server, Jenkins server, etc.)
While trying to run that Jenkins job got a message that JenkinsUtils handleException .
Jenkins use libraries from server on the base of package.json so my modification is use less in this case.I tried onBeforePrint event as well that is not invoked do n't know why.
We have tried to  configure it as service but we do that, jenkins is unable to open IE browser for selenium execution.
But for chrome browser, same job is working fine even we are running jenkins as service.
I do not see any notification coming to jenkins in logs.
I just connected Jenkins to sonarqube but sonarqube fails with below logs and I have no idea what went wrong: .
By default, Jenkins is redirected from port 80 to 8080 and you can reach it directly through already generated environment name.
This time when starting Jenkins, it gave me an error saying "It seems Jenkins is Offline" or something on those lines, and an option to setup a proxy, which I did and it installed all the plugins without any hassle!
I 've tried in several Macbook air (Laptop) it shows the same message, Jenkins agent is connected, XCode installed to the latest version, MacOS is updated, Mac book is idle we are not running any high level tasks so there is no issue of memory and network I guess.
All this data is already present in /code/ so you could browse the workspace of the failed Jenkins job.
I 've got the communication between the script and Jenkins working, but the problem is that I now want to try and start a stage from a callback in my code but I ca n't seem to figure out how to do it.
/pre/  However when I look at my Jenkins pipeline it looks like it fails and does n't run the entire script: .
Should I use the fact that Docker and Jenkins run on the same machine and mount something into the container?
Or do I worry too much, considering that the image will not be published and the Jenkins is private too?
Now I would like to update only J1 comments as, "Jenkins build success/failure with some results" and attach the build log.
I 'm working with Jenkins to run test cases for IOS and ones test cases are generated then it will get uploaded to Sonar Qube server.
Here is the relevant Jenkins log sequence, if it helps: .
Go to each builds which saved on Jenkins and delete it.
/url/:8888 gets   redirected to https://www.example.com:8888 and I can access my   jenkins UI.
I had issues where all of my local tests would pass, but I would receive random errors as you mentioned when running the tests through Jenkins or TFS, usually errors indicating that my elements were not clickable, etc.
I need to create a job on jenkins that runs whenever a pull request is raised or merged, the webhook part is done and running fine.
I 've tried setting up jenkins on some free-tier ec2 instances and despite jenkins running properly i am getting the below error after running curl localhost:8080. .
I just upgraded the jenkins to 2.164, Here is the error message I 'm getting at the end of all the jobs.
And this is what I received from the log file (jenkins.log): .
I am sending a post-build email out in Jenkins but instead of using the default email response I want to read the content in from a file that is stored in the job directory.
It 's endlessly annoying, but on the jenkins bugtracker they either say it does n't exist (anymore) or give workarounds.
I have Jenkins on a Centos server and also deployed Docker in same server and established connection.
no matches found:   master.serviceType=ClusterIP,master.ingress.enabled=true,master.ingress.hostName=jenkins.mydomain.com,master.ingress.annotations.certmanager.k8s.io/cluster-issuer=letsencrypt-prod,master.ingress.tls={master.ingress.tls[0].secretName=jenkins-cert} .
release jenkins failed: Ingress in version "v1beta1" cannot be handled   as a Ingress: v1beta1.Ingress.Spec: v1beta1.IngressSpec.TLS:   []v1beta1.IngressTLS: readObjectStart: expect { or n, but found ",   error found in #10 byte of ...|],"tls":["secretName|..., bigger   context   ...|eName":"jenkins","servicePort":8080}}]}}],"tls":["secretName:jenkins-cert"]}} .
I have a Jenkins server and Bitbucket, now I just want my Bitbucket can get informed when Jenkins' Job is done which works exactly the similar as gitlab connections.
I have tried to install jenkins with docker and with *.deb, but faced with the same issue - "Problem accessing /user/admin/configSubmit.
However when I am trying the same through a shell script in Jenkins, the ssh session gets kinda stuck or closes.
it could be happen for a reason that jenkins servers are down.
Yet, it successfully send this data from Jenkins (based on this image below) /url/ .
Place this file in your Jenkins master filesystem, e.g., /code/.
I did on Minikube k8s on my local system to handle an additional load using the Jenkins docker slave node.
Jenkins is running as a Windows Service logged in a "Local System."
The Jenkins server is not, and I think it has something to do with the NuGet Credential Provider not working for the "Local System" account, but have no idea how to fix this.
But again, I was remoted into the Jenkins machine as my username when I did this, and I 'm still getting the same problem.
While running maven commands with BDD framework on Jenkins, I get the following errors: .
Now I want to trigger the pipeline job, which will execute the first stage(copy to staging) and then send an email, preferably with a link so that somebody else can approve the execution of the second stage of the Jenkins file(copy to Production).
Therefore, exposing the npm token to the build machine, Jenkins, Docker intermediate image, Docker image layer and/or repository poses no additional authentication problems as of now.
I ran into a scenario were the images were not being loaded correctly because when the service got deployed the images were not part of the Jenkins file to include the images to the output directory.
I know I can update the Jenkins file to copy the images to the output directory, and change the Build Action of the image to Content and Copy to Output Directory: Copy Always.
However, I need jenkins to write some comments and add some file on the pull request in BitBucket?
Requirement is to trigger jenkins job when a particular file is committed in set of branches.
I started with Known Hosts verification strategy, but that returns a Server rejected the 1 private key(s) for jenkins (credentialId:jenkins/method:publickey),  So as I could not find out why this was being rejected I decided to try a different verification  method, Manually provided key, in which I have tried placing the public key for both master and node into the space, I have tried changing the credentials to the private key for both master/node, as well as even placing the public keys in credentials to see the result.
I used ThinBackup to extract the complete jenkins_home and move it to another server.
This can be mounted inside a docker container and your Jenkins should work as before.
But since your old Jenkins is still running there is no risk if it should fail for some reason.
You can follow this (where jenkins-data is the backup): /url/ .
Commit changes, push, rerun build from Jenkins.
/pre/  When building the program on Jenkins, I am getting a variety of errors.
I have a Jenkins build highlighted red, but the stages are all success, it shows green in the sidebar and in BlueOcean, and the logs indicate success.
/pre/  This writes in bashrc file but the issue is that it writes everytime jenkins job is build.I just want to write in once.
Check gcp network rules settings and check connection with kubectl from jenkins vm.
I use jenkins vm in same gcp network to skip such issues.
/pre/  Within my jenkins container, I can reach the smtp service via the default 'bridge' network: .
Installation is successful on Android device, but After the reboot Jenkins gets stuck, and Never comes out.
Is there a way in which Jenkins can still work after Android device is rebooted ?
How often is Jenkins updating the config.xml file?
I 've read a lot of this problem and I 've configured jenkins start with this JAVA_OPTS but problem is not solved.
I have tried to add the certificate of /code/ to the trusted certificates of the Jenkins JVM by means of the keytool, but no success (consider the ssl certificate of /code/ is a globally trusted certificate and not a locally generated or private certificate).
When I run the Jenkins Pipeline the artifacts are always uploaded to /code/.
I had the same problem and it is fixed by upgrading jenkins , its was a bug /url/ .
The reason is that then you would get log messages on the server that would show you if Jenkins is actually trying to send the emails or not.
It might not be jenkins, it might be something else.
Store the file in the secure Credentials section of Jenkins as a File.
Is as simple as jenkins.io having their updates server down.
Tried providing /url/ that did n't work and tried downloading http curl and get request on local jenkins client and attaching to email with local path.
/pre/  I 've been facing above error message since last week, I 'm using Jenkins pipeline to build Xcode and then run the test cases for Sonar report with Xcode 12.3 MAC OS Catalina.
/pre/  Test cases are working locally when ran in the current system, but failing when running via Jenkins pipeline for Sonar Testing.
you start an application like jenkins on port 8080, when we connect to the server via port 8080, jenkins will pick up the request.
I use this tutorial to rerun failed scenarios: /url/ Now i running tests on Jenkins, but my class linked to rerun.txt file running at the begining of tests.
This situation happens on Jenkins .
Can docker client running in jenkins image communicate to docker daemon running in underlying EC2 instance?
Not sure about Teamcity yet, but for Jenkins, when it 's running as a service on Windows, it cannot work with UI, hence it does not show browsers even "Allow service to interact with desktop" is ticked.
Everything is working perfectly in my local machine, but when I try to run the same whole project in Jenkins it gives me the following error.
Exact same task works locally ubuntu desktop but when i run this via jenkins/container/ubuntu image it does not.
So you do n't need to maintain dependencies by yourself but, as a Jenkins maintainer, you should give a technical ability to actually build the product (which is running maven that in turn resolves/downloads all the dependencies and then runs the tests, produces tests results and can even create a docker image or even to deploy the image to some images repository if you wish ;) ).
As the title suggests, I can view Kubernetes bearer tokens in the Jenkins logs (/logs/all endpoints).
/pre/  But the value for JENKINS_PARAMETER and ISSUE_KEY gives null.
How do get the System properties like the Username or the host name of the System where the Jenkins is accessed.
Now you can call the remote jenkins server and trigger builds  /pre/ .
Getting below error when running jenkins pipeline :  .
org.openqa.selenium.WebDriverException:  unknown error: Chrome failed   to start: exited abnormally (unknown error: DevToolsActivePort file   does n't exist) (The process started from chrome location   /var/lib/jenkins/workspace/QA-Jobs/Assess-UI-Performance-Validation/cmp-automation-performance/chrome.deb   is no longer running, so ChromeDriver is assuming that Chrome has   crashed.)
We would like to fail the Jenkins build if new bugs are introduced.
Purpose:  I will read Build version from one file and then increament build_version in the same file and commit to Bitbucket repo but I dont want Bitbucket to trigger the associated Jenkins Pipeline on that file commit otherwise it will trigger the same pipeline job.
I kept messing up the IP in Jenkins config and Jenkinsfile- both Tomcat server and Jenkins server IP, somehow one or the other would be wrong(hard to keep up).
So I found the answer, I hope this helps others - git saves the executable permissions in GitHub too so in my case each time Jenkins pulled the latest code, it was overwriting the permissions to what was saved in the git repo.
Getting this error while working with Xcode,Jenkins and Sonar qube.
I am working on stashing jenkins logs using filbeat to ELK stack.
/pre/  whenever I check in cloud formation through jenkins, I dont get branch name attached to it.
Connect your virtual machines (which connect to your Appium devices) to Jenkins and add them as executors on your job.
This is not safe, and will break with any changes of course so I 'll open an issue in the Jenkins' ticket system in the hopes they will add a public interface for doing this.
/pre/    Even when its failing still jenkins job is exiting with success.
When it failed Jenkins job has to be fail &amp; when its success it should be success.
I fix it by change myhost to jenkins server .
Setting GRADLE_USER_HOME fixes this problem on both a Windows 2012r2 server and Windows 2016 server running a Jenkins gradle job building Android apps (Android Studio 3.5.1)  .
I tried to run the end point which is running fine on postman and I just exported as collection and running it through newman on JENKINS CI.
docker run -v /var/jenkins/workspace/:/tests -i testcafe/testcafe 'chromium --no-sandbox' '/tests/*.ts' -e -u --selector-timeout 10000 --assertion-timeout 10000 -S -s /tests -r spec,xunit:/tests/res.xml,json:/tests/res.json -T '1681' .
/pre/  Jenkins failed to do it because the tag already exists.
However when I create the pull request nothing is triggered within Jenkins.
This also works, but once the file is pushed to the repo, it triggers another build in Jenkins.
What I want to do here is, when I commit and push the file from the Jenkins job, the file should get pushed to the repo, but the webhook should not trigger for this particular file.
If any other file is modified and pushed, the webhook should trigger and hence the Jenkins job as well.
When we are running build from jenkins on our build server, getting below exception: .
It required a restart of the Jenkins instance and now it is displaying as expected.
When I run it with Pycharm everything runs great but when I try to run it from CMD (the ultimate goal is to run it in Jenkins but that is not relevant right now) it gives an error that it cannot find the  'selenium' module.
/pre/  So once the scripts are approved via Manage Jenkins > In-process Script Approval all works fine .
/pre/  but unfortunately, this only works in script console of Jenkins, and throwing different results in pipeline, any guesses what could be wrong?
It uses a PVC to make sure that I can persist my jenkins data (jobs, plugins etc).
When that goes down, Jenkins becomes unavailable.
Problem is the client also has a CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins as the 'last mile' deployment tool.
When I push the modified script  to git, Jenkins kicks off a build and fails with the following error: .
In Jenkins, I want to get information like how many times builds failed in a given period, which tests failed multiple times in successive builds, did each of these failed tests fail due to same or different reasons each time, is a test failing in multiple environments or only some environments etc.
How do I get such information from Jenkins ?
The Jenkins log is below... the internet says this happens when git.exe is misconfigured or not found.
Here is the Jenkins log output, with names changed to protect the innocent: .
I mean, have to copy all the installation files required for running the service Jenkins.
Otherthan that almost I moved Jenkins configuration related files  .
But when I do build from the Jenkins server, it seems the rundeck generated time stamp does not match with the time stamp in nexus repository.
/pre/  Error: /tmp/jenkins5142826499545309380.sh: command substitution: line 46: syntax error near unexpected token /code/$readFile | reduce (.issues | to_entries[]) as {$key,$value} ({}; .
Does docker daemon within Jenkins container override its own socket file with the socket file present in EC2 host?
In Jenkins > Manage Jenkins > Configure System > Environment Variable I have set the JAVA_OPTS and GRADLE_OPTS with appropriate memory, but nothing works.
I want to know whether its better to leave my Powershell Scripts as individual files or perhaps place them in a repository and get Jenkins to pull them down and run them or copy the contents of the Powershell files directly into Jenkins and run them from there instead of calling the individual file.
(You did n't mentioned how you trigger and run your tests from jenkins) .
I am trying to update my docker service with jenkins(Send build artifacts over SSH) using  "docker service update  --update-order start-first   --detach=false --update-order start-first ****** ***" command But sometimes updtion gets failed with following error .
It could be the path "Users/human/jenkins" is invalid.
I am not able to login to Jenkins, the credentials are saved in my system.
def response = sh(script: 'curl -i -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"text","Jenkins Info.\nThis is more text"}' curl_url, returnStdout: true) .
I am trying to setup e-mail notifications in jenkins, which should sent an e-mail to the developer who crashed the build.
The next stage is the UnitTest and if it is OK the Pipeline will be successful and the Jenkins should report back to Gerrit /code/.
BUT, when Jenkins reports the /code/ then it removes the /code/.
im a bigenner on Jmeter so: i have more than 40 servers glassfish , and i have an .ear file  I want to deploy my .ear file automatically on all my servers by jenkins .
clean derived data and reboot jenkins server .
1.ssh [user]@[jenkinsServerIP] -L 5900:localhost:5900, log into jenkins server  .
I have setup jenkins in docker container,The issue i am facing is project role setup is not working in my prod because of old data present in volume ,but same setup and same image is working in another testing instance.
As these can either be set locally via /code/ export or pulled in externally in the Jenkins run.
Do n't know how to add the screenshot when posting message so update my jenkins setting here  /url/ .
I 've already seen that with the option /code/ in Jenkins you can get data from the Git Commit, unfortunately I do n't know how to put this data into a variable ?
When I am deploying my application through jenkins job , I am getting an error, although deployment is successful.
Normally we are expecting key in /code/ folder, but in case of Jenkins better to an absolute path.
The issue was that the pod could n't inintialize because of an error that occurred while Jenkins was trying to configure itself and pull updates down from jenkins.io.
I am having a jenkins pipeline which is used to transfer the git repository from one server to another server: .
/pre/  I have the entire json file which is stored in $value variable and echo "$value" returned the content of json file but not sure why its not working in jenkins.
/pre/  Jenkins EOF log: .
I am running my code from Jenkins as shown in the video.
And Jenkins to run the /code/ Publish HTML Report action with both /code/ and /code/ checked.
I have a CentOS server running a Jenkins server that has a connection to slave-node running windows server 2016.   the Jenkins server has a job that is  configured to run a series of Selenium tests on the slave-node.
the tests can run successfully but when I remote into the windows-slave node via RDP and start the build from the Jenkins server I am unable to see a browser launch and show see the Selenium test interact with the webpage unless I re-lauch the slave-agent within the Remote Desktop connection.
Locally this works perfect, but on my Jenkins instance, it fails with the following error message: .
I am quite sure this is because the Jenkins requires a proxy to communicate to the outside world.
/pre/  It is working locally, but for some reasons when I run it in jenkins inside docker container: .
For the few weeks the server was not running fine,The data visualization tool has loading issues,All Jenkins job is running much slower.
this is what jenkins result according to the failure: .
you can try to copy your file to $JENKINS_HOME/userContent and then access it via /url/ .
We are doing the salesforce metada backup on daily basis for that we are using jenkins pipeline to store the retrieved metadata back file on to Github repository.
All the files are storing at Jenkins workspace.
I was able to use this pattern to have Jenkins pull in all the XML files from Nightwatch and collect them together to report on tests passed/failed for a job: /code/ .
We have two Jenkins pipeline ; one called log monitoring and another as alert trigger.
I have tested my python3 script without triggering it from Jenkins and it works.
However if I try the "build" function on Jenkins it gives me /code/ error on all the modules I import in my python3.
After Installation step:- Jenkins -> Job Config History -> Show deleted jobs only  and restore the jobs .
get all job names from Jenkins and the credentials are the user 's on Jenkins server).
Jenkins works on files, and not in a database .
I 'm trying to apply following deployment.yaml using Jenkins and it gave me error saying,  .
I 'm using a jenkins server behind a firewall.
/pre/  I read /url/ and now I understand why the first does n't work, and I 've also learned that /code/ can be insecure and should be avoided (this is just an internal Jenkins job, would it ever be an issue?).
I am running a selenium smoke test jenkins job where a Windows 10 VM has to execute a jar file but it is getting stuck and giving below error .
/pre/  I tried running the /code/ goal and checked jenkins output.
The jenkins job should access the xml file from there, run the queries and store the output files in the repo.
I am doing a parser for the problems in the logs of each job in Jenkins, and I have created an UI which displays those errors, so it is easier for everyone to check the logs.
I tried linking to the page again from Jenkins to this specific anchor, however nothing happens.
/pre/  /code/ will return the hash of current commit, which is a merge commit that was created by Jenkins; the latest commit of the PR and the latest commit of the target branch, separated by a space (e.g.
/pre/  But jenkins throwing exception .
Copy jenkins_server_key (private key) to Jenkins Master .
I am facing issues as the complete set of command do not run, but jenkins marks the build as success.
I am trying to get the Jenkins Warnings Next Generation plugin to be able to parse warning messages that span multiple lines but unfortunately the plugin only matches one line and cannot do multiline?
And in the other Jenkins pipeline I download the artifact file and read the information in it.
In fact I saw that it scans automatically all the repositories with a JenkinsFile in it, so I thought that I could create a common Pipeline on jenkins and call this pipeline from every JenkinsFile in every repository.
I was getting this /code/ error when running the job through Jenkins.
But below error exist /code/ even if BrowserStack Local is uncheked in Jenkins.
I expected that via Jenkins connection to BrowserStack should be done as locally.
I have modified the server on Jenkins, but I still prompt for the error in the screenshot .
I successfully build my selenium project in jenkins (maven) without error but I can not see the browser opening when running the test.
I normally see a post with windows service for jenkins/tomcat but I already tried that and did not work for me so I run tomcat via start.bat with jenkins.war deployed to it.
In which, once the PR is created/updated, jenkins polls and fetches the changes and initiate the build and sonar incemental analysis.
The issue is that I have 3 jenkins jobs with one  gitlab repository and I want that only one job should trigger after Merge-Request approval.
I am trying to run the soanrQube scan from my jenkins node, Sonar scanner version is SonarQube Scanner 3.1.0.1141 SonarQube server is SonarQube server 5.6.4. getting the following error, Can any one help me on this.
/pre/  Jenkins basically gets stuck when run it.
The log bellow I get also in console output when building from Jenkins.
I try to run this command with a service account from Jenkins: /code/ The command fails with the following error: .
Due to this error we scaled our nodes and now jenkins pipelines can be running parallel with diferents pods and containers.
Please suggest any other idea to access report in target folder via running with jenkins .
The event log on github enterprise shows that the requests to Jenkins are successful, however on the multibranch pipeline the event log is empty.
We have to take sql DB backup before package deployment using jenkins but jenkins should execute this sql command by connecting to cluster ip because sql is running on High Availability.
When running a selenium test with /url/ and /url/ that is deployed on a jenkins server, if the tests are executed from a remote system there is no issue but if the test is executed from the same jenkins server it will fail during /url/ with: .
As from the discussion we also point out it was Jenkins display problem and the value properly expended in a container so better to check at script.
I am unable do safe restart in Jenkins through cmd/URL in windows.
I installed safe restart plugin and restarted again but still facing the same issue then i try to install as windows service plugin but throwing an error and failed to install successfully .If try to restart it showing me this in the Jenkins panel .
Only when I am creating a virtual env on the docker container I get the exact same error but I assume that that is not happening when running a Docker container with Jenkins .
/pre/  The problem here is that Jenkins Pipeline doens't clone the whole Repo_A repository contents.
/pre/  in Jenkins log, the only thing that I see is this simple message.
When the job get triggered in Jenkins, Sometime it prints the original branch name (/code/).
How to generate custom jvm-cucumber HTML, send it through Jenkins and also ftp the JSON results?
So I would start with checking ability to load this file for Jenkins.
so looking forward to suggestions about how to add an approval step in Jenkin 's file where the request should popup in Jira for Approval and from a change of status in Jira, Jenkins should trigger the build or trigger the deploy else abort.
/pre/  Running the Jenkinsfile Jenkins job now gives me this error: .
Jenkins receives the webhook but it never fires a new build.
They both return a /code/ Status code and Jenkins logs the webhook as well: .
/pre/  What I expect to happen is Jenkins triggering a new build for the specific branch.
/pre/  There is some difficulty in the fact that the assembly takes place via jenkins on a remote device, so I can not debug c++.
I have a scripted jenkins pipeline and I would like to know if it is possible to get the url of the nodes which failed on Jenkins.
After doing a fresh installation of Jenkins version 2.202 and an installation of the latest jdk 1.8.0 on Windows 10 Pro, I kept on receiving the same error: Bad Reqest - Invalid hostname.
So your code will not be removed from the server for that while and you can patch your new files to the actual folder (which can also be automated using Jenkins).
The issue is the workspace which Jenkins refers for each stage, for example: .
/pre/  Jenkins appends '@2' and '@3' for the remaining 2 stages and hence there is a path issue and job fails.
Problem: I was running jenkins and artifactory in two different docker containers on my local.
But giving the same url for artifactory in jenkins produced the above reported error in question.
Solution: For some unknown reasons, jenkins artifactory plugin could n't resolve /code/ even though the docker mappings was correct and it was possible to connect to artifactory web based console with the same URL.
The error is generated when we started to use the Ant Build through Jenkins.
Note that /code/ is not serializable, and thus will mess up with the jenkins' CPS-groovy and throw /code/.
When I try to run the same test from Jenkins set up in LINUX, I am getting Firefox driver error.
/pre/  I 'm getting this message while Generating sonar report on Mac using Jenkins, about 2 weeks ago it was working fine but now I 'm getting the error message.
Below given is the exact error I am getting in Jenkins console.
Our problem is that for the "Jenkins url" input there is nothing I could supply as our jenkins instance is normally not accessible from outside our company network.
I 'm having issues on compiling an Ionic 3 application in Jenkins 2.164.1. for Android .
I 'm running 3 pipelines in jenkins (CI, CD, CDP) when I run the CI pipe the final stage is a trigger for activate the pipe CD (Continuous Deployment), this receive a parameter /code/ from CI (Continuous Integration) PIPE and deploy an instance with /code/ and run /code/, but /code/ test failed.
"npm cache clear" and "npm cache verify" worked but it was not a right solution for me as i cannot guess when somebody will trigger a build job from Jenkins for different release/environment leading to multiple instance of 'npm install' and hence i cannot add it to the build script nor i can go login to VM and clear/delete the cache folders manually every time.
/pre/  I 'm looking to run it from Jenkins as part of the pipeline, and capture the STDOUT output.
but if i compile it from Jenkins it will fail with an error about CS0246 that basically says the type or namespace name "...." could not be found... no mater what i have try i cannot solve it by my own that why i post this here to get you help.... (i tried to compile the project that "could not be found" before build the full solution and it will be build with no errors) Many thanks  .
But these same credentials work when NOT used in the Jenkins file.
Logic is Jenkins will check all data and after that data will be saved to database.
We have already Jenkins url which I tested via postman everything working fine.
While I am trying to build the application it throws this error "[ERROR] The goal you specified requires a project to execute but there is no POM in this directory (D:\Program Files\Jenkins_new\workspace\path1).
The data I was looking for is in the com.cloudbees.jenkins.plugins.pipeline.events.EventTriggerCause instance of the build causes.
/Users/Shared/Jenkins/tmp/jenkins186711927915915744.sh: line 4:   docker: command not found Build step 'Execute shell' marked build as   failure .
Under Repository settings -> Hooks -> Post receive -> Webhook to Jenkins for Bitbucket Server is enabled and configured like this: .
/pre/  BUT, when I make a change in repo and push the change to repo, in Jenkins, the trigger is not invoked and the job is not running.
My Jenkins says: "The connection string contains an invalid host 'abd:${port}'.
So you can upgrade your Jenkins master or try deleting cookies in your browser.
The main problem is that OpenCover.Console.exe does not run in Jenkins.
Other execs are in the same paths, so I do n't expect that Jenkins cannot reach these files.
How to set trigger on jenkins for running my automation testing when tortoise SVN have changes or committed by my developers ??
/pre/  The issue is that /code/ plugin is not working with Jenkins for some reason and I am suspecting that it 's not available in our corporate repo(and ca n't be added).
Scenario: I have a Jenkins instance installed on a Windows Server 2016 and the timezone configured in this server is Brasilia - Federal District (GMT-3).
I need help in understanding how to automatically resynchronize files from the server to create a local sandbox copy so that i can run the qac on that data periodically, via jenkins.
"npm cache clear" and "npm cache verify" worked but it was not a right solution for me as i cannot guess when somebody will trigger a build job from Jenkins for different release/environment leading to multiple instance of 'npm install' and hence i cannot add it to the build script nor i can go login to VM and clear/delete the cache folders manually every time.
I am passing the pythonpath because jenkins was not able to access the environmental variables because of access issues.
I am wondering if inside the dockerfile I could possibly /code/ upload the relevant build artifacts to the current jenkins job 's workspace from within the dockerfile while it is running.
I get the following error in the Jenkins build: .
I have an external installation of jenkins and when I try to set up slaves for jenkins in Openshift I get this error.
How do I get Jenkins running on Linux to communicate with Windows servers?
I am facing one strange issue like some of my test cases working in local and while the same test case executes on Jenkins and its failing y build.
Any Idea why the same code works in local but not on Jenkins?
I copied the string in the /code/ and pasted to the /code/ field in the /code/ menu in my Jenkins server.
Tried running locally on the machine (without Jenkins restrictions on resources if any...) .
But when I push it to Jenkins, it fails with an error that leads me to suspect that the Kotlin code is n't copiled when the Java kode calls it.
I am facing Null Pointer Exception while running selenium script with TestNG in Jenkins.
When SSH'ed into a mac running 10.15.1 (Catalina) (or connected via Jenkins using a node that connects via ssh), if I try to build my xcode project (building an iOS mobile app), the codesigning phase fails with the error: .
I tried creating a new mac node in Jenkins that connected via JNLP instead to see if that helped, but got the same result.
I am stuck with this error in Jenkins with sonar.
But when i want it deploy in jenkins, comes the problem.
the report is nan... and the jenkins console show the command is "allure generate allure-results -c -o allure-report-path".. Has anyone encounter the same question?
Looking at jenkins logs I see that it creates a .bat file in c:/System/TEMP/ directory and executes that batch file.
Still jenkins opens Chrome in background.
Any idea what causes this and how can I force Jenkins to run tests in Foreground?
My Jenkins server will audit code like due to Typescript checking.
Scenario: We are running postman script using newman through Jenkins pipeline and sending newman collection response in email.
I have tried changing the permissions of the Jenkins itself to run as root by changing the user in /code/.
From what I understand, you 're looking to actually make the request in your Jenkins CI/CD pipeline to the server and see if you get a successful response.
I 'm trying to remove the lfs tracking tag from git before I process some files only some of the files when used in our companies jenkins server contain file paths that are 260+ characters.
I have read the documentation, but from what I understand, only the SonarQube server and Database can work remotely from Jenkins.
When I try to run a Selenium script in Jenkins, I am getting following error .
Currently, all runtime configurations are gone, if the Jenkins is restarted in between.
I run the following in PowerShell ISE    Connect-AzAccount and it works fine , but within Jenkins when run as a Powershell command I get  the following error: .
/pre/  it will not create and mount /var/data folder inside Jenkins container.
after taking backup overwrite the war file and restart the jenkins service.
I had a similar error because I had a dash /code/ in my branch name, and Jenkins failed.
/pre/  but I would get the  'mocha' is not recognized... error message when actually running the build in Jenkins.
I 'm running some python builds with Jenkins on Windows machine, when the script is executed on the machine (cmd.exe) everything is working but when it is executing in Jenkins I 'm getting an error: .
However the problem with this is, since I am running the below code in real time (when the jenkins job is running), i get partial data since the build logs keep updating as the job progresses.
Jenkins clones whole repositories instead of having them persist on the file system and pulling changes in when needed.
There seems to no problem with Jenkins or chrome when I run test cases of a different Web Gui2.
Only problem is with Jenkins+Web Gui1.
The error log from Jenkins is as below: NewConnectionError(': Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused',)': /session/90c63d22705ff1c74826adacd0c3174d/element .
But exactly in Jenkins, I 'm getting errors:  .
It may or may not work on your jenkins".
Processing DSL script jenkins-files/dsl_scripts/hpp/folders.groovy   ERROR: Scripts not permitted to use staticMethod jenkins.model.Jenkins   getInstance Finished: FAILURE .
It seems that I ca n't get an instance of the jenkins.model.Jenkins class without approval by a Jenkins Administrator.
Am making a POST request to delete the Jenkins job at the end of build.
When I check the recent changes on this jenkins jobs, It always show the message: "No changes in any of the builds.".
[14:12:37] ERROR: Cannot delete workspace: remote file operation   failed: c:\jenkins\workspace\v3000.0.0-CI-3-QA-LoadRunner_2012_18 at   hudson.remoting.Channel@387682a8:JNLP4-connect connection from   192.168.11.149/192.168.11.149:34302: java.io.IOException: Unable to delete   'c:\jenkins\workspace\v3000.0.0-CI-3-QA-LoadRunner_2012_18.git\objects\pack\pack-edfa06b8e1b0e8e57d244e1d6085bd6fedeb8392.pack'.
Solution: Manually Log in to Slave machine and restart Jenkins Slave agent that apparently lock a file there... Then I can rebuild.... .
I had set the scope to "System (Jenkins and nodes only)" and this caused waitForQualityGate to fail with a 401. .
/pre/  In my client and server code I use imports like this: "../proto_messages" and it builds on my jenkins without any problems.
Due to the complex nature of filesystems, Jenkins is not capable to copy logs from extraneous locations like those outside of the Jenkins root directory.
the reason is that jenkins test for valid crumb in this manner: comparing the crumb you send in the request with a crumb it generates on the server side (using your session id), .
What happens is if there is an error, jenkins jobs exits execute with exception.
/pre/  I have not found a fix or a workaround for pushing to CF from Jenkins for this issue.
/pre/  When calling this file via Jenkins it 's not working.
/url/ from Selenium (check out /url/ for details) so you will be able to start the recording and export resulting .jmx script directly from your browser without having to communicate with the remote Jenkins/JMeter instances.
On jenkins, make sure you copy the code into the correct folder: /code/ (whatever the gopath is on jenkins) .
I had given remote root directory as C:\jenkins for my jeknins slave but my robot framework actually work in D:\automation and place results there and when i try to execute single build steps it actualluy works on C:\jenkins\workspace\Job_name can anyone tell me how to make jenkins slave work in this D:\automation , i had actually tried giviing  .
However i cant go off network when i am running these commands in jenkins.
Here i am using a jenkins groovy shell to output the contents of a file xyz.txt to a variable called file that can be used to edit the json file.
I needed to solve this problem on Jenkins job level.
As @azurefrog explained rather tritely explained via the comment, /code/, Jenkins, Maven and Linux are all case-sensitive, that 's why "Clean" does not match one of the "Available lifecycle phases", hence the error message: .
I 've been trying to figure out why some JUnit tests that pass for me locally, fail when run inside a dockerised Jenkins slave.
but after i build the jenkins job i got this error message .
Have ran program through Jenkins/SonarQube to identify code smells and remedy issues.
The jenkins pipeline (depending on agent), will pass a specific IP address which I want to change in the settings file so that when the application is build and deployed it uses the new IP address.
Got solved by forwarding from smee-client to jenkins with http:// instead of https:// This Error message was kind of misleading .
We believe that it 's a proxy issue, and reading about the Jenkins proxy it appears that only four plugins actually take notice of the Jenkins proxy settings.
/pre/  The process successfully started on remote machine but Jenkins job never ends.
In Jenkins console output I see this error: .
Getting the below error while building the project on Jenkins, Same is getting build on local environment.
However, you will probably then encounter all sorts of other permission problems, because conda does not work as any other user, and Jenkins does not work as root.
Configured it through Manage Jenkins and can see the Audit log file being created in file system.
However when I go to Manage Jenkins -> System Log, I do not see the Audit Logger.
The tests are also integrated into Jenkins which also generates reports post test execution.
ok so for me it turned out that the jenkins slave I was running under the system account instead of Admin account.
Now I want that the Jenkins job fails or at least gets a warning state if Sonar does not reach the quality gate.
I cannot reproduce it outside of Jenkins, even in the actual Jenkins workspace on the slave that executes the job.
It was connected fine, but then I reset password for Jenkins user on the Mac machine and after that node status displayed terminated all the time.
When running a job in Jenkins, I intermittently get the following error  .
I encountered similar problem with jenkins junit report plugin.
I would like to import images (for example jenkins) with /code/ tool, but I got x509 certificate error on my Openshift 4.2 cluster.
When i went back today i found myself logged out from Jenkins and it once again asked me for the initial password from the secrets folder.
I couldnt locate this and deleted jenkins from my laptop.
This folder doesnt exist but in /Users/Shared/Jenkins/Home there still is not folder for initial password.
I was working on a jenkins pipeline and need to delete some files from D:\ everytime the pipeline runs.
Then I changed the URL, committed to git, and ran on our Jenkins machine and it failed.
I am trying to upload the artifact Report-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar to nexus repository from jenkins but i am keep getting the below error :  .
/pre/  But as my jenkins server is onprem how role will work ?
Run this command in terminal i can access the "Temporary secret password" required in order to finish installation : sudo cat /Users/YourUser/.jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword .
I do n't think it makes any difference, but to be complete my TF VMware plan is applied when Git sends a webhook to Jenkins.
I did successfully setup jenkins in windows remote server and able to run automation scripts.I work in an organisation under proxy.
/url/ (Jenkins is loaded successfully) .
When I hit /code/ Jenkins is loaded perfectly fine and I can use it but when I hit /code/ Sonar is stuck at "Loading Screen".
I have recently upgraded selenium version to 3.141.59 IEdriver 3.14 When I trigger the scripts to execute under Jenkins remote machine, getting black screenshot and timeout exception occurred as I wait for next element.
process apparently never started in   /home/admin/workspace/GSWebRuby_Test@tmp/durable-b0d8c4b4 (running   Jenkins temporarily with   -Dorg.jenkinsci.plugins.durabletask.BourneShellScript.LAUNCH_DIAGNOSTICS=true   might make the problem clearer) .
The errormessage is the last one received, execution stalls, no error, no abbort, just blocking without noticed by jenkins.
The jenkins agent has seen a free disk but was not able to write cause auf the missing host space.
JENKINS_NODE_COOKIE=dontkillme did not work .
I experienced this error again and again in a Jenkins release build after a release had failed previously.
/pre/  Hence the problem is that after a failed release build the Jenkins workspace is left with a dirty repository state in which the tag still exists.
I am running Jenkins jobs using Pull request builder in a master - worker system.
But how can I show in Jenkins that there a test failure without canceling the build?
In Jenkins - show a red icon if there is a failure in the test (TestNg) despite the build is successful.
Quick glance at the Jenkins Dashboard to see if there was a failure.
As mentioned in other answers, you must ensure that user "jenkins" inside the container has permission to issue Docker commands to the Docker engine on the host via the /code/ mount.
I am calling Powershell scripts via jenkins and I get output values from the powershell script and what seems to happen is that if the output value is null for whatever reason, the jenkins pipeline fails with the error below.
I got the same problem in Jenkins.
Does anybody know how to solve the problem of a continous Jenkins loop?
Jenkins is being setup in Aws ec2 linux instance.My objective is to trigger a build in jenkins when status of an issue has been updated.Is there any other way in which the same can be accomplished?.Any help is appreciated .
However, that should n't be a problem, considering that Jenkins is checking out the /code/ before selecting a node and executing the pipeline.
/pre/  My Jenkins file is unchanged: .
/pre/  Jenkins complains a bit about the fact that a /code/ is expected, but I am passing a /code/: .
One secret thing that Jenkins does is it overrides how integration-test failures are handled, using the /url/.
It was recently running on Jenkins with no problem whatsoever.
/pre/  it is getting started(saying jenkins is fully up and running) but executing jenkins url(/url/) on browser it is saying unable to connect to jenkins /url/ .
Here is the jenkins logs and error being diplayed on machine(ec2 linux instance).
/pre/  The same code running on jenkins produces sth else:  .
Given Robot framework with Selenium is ready to execute tests in Chrome And it worked so long time When I execute the tests in Robot framework with Jenkins now I receive an error "02:05:44 WebDriverException: Message: unknown error: cannot process extension #1 02:05:44 from unknown error: CRX verification failed: 3" .
Has anyone ever used a groovy code inside Jenkins job pipeline to upload to WebLogic application?
Weird that jenkins giving error on simple hello world example .
When I am creating a war file through jenkins showing error.
So I have placed my create jenkins job API call inside the execute internal method.When multiple parallel requests are made, sometimes all the requests are picked up for execution and sometimes few are missed.
I am trying to run some of the SQL SERVER command using Powershell script by enabling Integrate Security on (Expecting to connect SQL server using Winodows Access) and calling that powershell script into Jenkins Pipeline but its throwing me error as "Unable to connect to target server 'ABC\SQL17'.
I have to execute some commands in target server via ssh through pipeline in jenkins server then I need the result back from what commends executed in targetserver.
Complete traceback (From Jenkins running): .
This issue happens only in Jenkins constantly!
/code/ is an error, because the command line parser of Jenkins will see /code/  .
We are running Junits in remote linux farm server as part of every jenkins build.
The problem is related with the Jenkins java executable taking up to 700% of my CPU but I 'm not sure what is causing this.
I am now trying to restrict the error what its already have, for example our project have Critical:90 &amp; High:10 error now I want the Jenkins build to fails if Critical or High error increase/report more than earlier.
No Jenkins scans are triggered on commit.
when I press the "Trigger Jenkins" button in the plugin 's modal dialog) - I get these error and nothing else happens.
Has anyone ran into this issue with Sikuli and Jenkins.
in the Jenkins log file I see this exception saying joda datetime class not found.
We have Jenkins running on a CentoOS Linux server, connected to an Active Directory Server for authentication.
Authentication works flawlessly most of the time, however, at as far as I can tell, random intervals, Jenkins will fail to authenticate some users.
However, not when running from Jenkins with a master/slave.
I am trying to upload some files in an input field using the following code: /code/ It runs fine on a local computer but whenever I try to run it on jenkins, it throws an error  .
makes a commit -> push then Jenkins creates a new database and runs all tests from main odoo addons and then from our costume modules.
On running the test from Jenkins Job its throwing above error .
I am trying to prevent Jenkins data would be lost after remove container, so that I mapped host dir for container(/code/).
After add this flag Jenkins is running and data after remove and recreate container is not lost.
I got following error: /code/ at the Jenkins app.
How do I create a Maven Enforcement Rule that shows the test failure even though the build passed, in Jenkins?
How do I enforce a rule so that I can show a "RED" icon instead ( Jenkins ), to indicate that there is a test failure?
/pre/  3) Update the following values in the jenkins.values file: .
This is strange because I can successfully /code/ within my Jenkins container.
This is for a situation where administrators need access to most of manage Jenkins but to prevent attacks on the secrets from the script console.
I checked the Jenkins logs and I found this error: .
Cannot run program "nohup" (in directory "C:\jenkins\workspace\emma2html_master"): CreateProcess error=2, The system cannot find the file specified .
/pre/  Output on the Jenkins Console: [Could read only first 10 messages] .
i have error with configuraction pod kubernet in jenkins .
kubectl get pods NAME                                READY     STATUS             RESTARTS   AGE jenkins                       0/1       CrashLoopBackOff   7          15m .
Somewhere a connection between my Jenkins Container and the host Docker access files is misconfigured.
/pre/  Jenkins give error  .
The Jenkins warnings parser preview is a bit misleading since I thought the previous Regex would be good enough to catch multiple line warnings but apparently the \r needs to be included.
To debug this issue to get a better understanding what is actually configured, try to add the following line to your code and run it using Jenkins again: .
When I commit the code, it goes to  the Jenkins server but  there is a build error.
How can I groovy code effectively for Jenkins pipeline which would save my time and help with autom-suggestion of methods, imports, compilation error etc?
I 've tried setting it to both /code/ and /code/, but in both cases building my Jenkins projects results in the error /code/ .
I have tried saving the jenkins instance as a field of my class, but that leads to a hudson serializable error.
I dont see a way to pass the jenkins singleton around because of CPS issues.
I had issues with chrome and jenkins and was told i should try the firefox webdriver.
However i get the following error when i run the build on jenkins: Can anyone help me with this?
The simplest form of the problem I am facing is if I want to run this pipeline, my jenkins build will keep hanging: .
Now, When I tried to build this project I am getting an error in the console output of the Jenkins.
How do I access Jenkins URL?
Very sure that Jenkins ca n't see the channel because its a private channel of another person(obviously) and is not able to find it.
In my case (Jenkins v 2.205) I edited JENKINS_HOME in jenkins.xml in windows, to move the workspace due to a bug from angular / webpack in a project.
I 'm facing a problem of certificate expiration, which for example, prevents jenkins to access to code in scm-universe git repository .
Here the error log as reported by jenkins : .
/pre/  Since all dogus (jenkins, scm-manager, sonarqube, nginx) face the same pb of certificate expiration, I guess there is a way to be used in order to generate a new self signed certificate the will be used by all dogus.
My Unit Test project is running into an error when configured with Jenkins.
While trying to run /code/ on Jenkins I 'm getting the following error.
Keep in mind that your Jenkins just can send Messages to channels, the Account which generated the token has access to.
and put it in email notification of that jenkins job.
The problem: when I try to use Jenkins' HTTP Request plugin, I get an error that there is no static method called MyClass.httpRequest.
How to make Jenkins build unstable if there are failure test cases in serenity report?
But all referenced urls and redirects(like login one) had the extra internal contextPath: /jenkins/* .
Particularly to avoid complaints from the Jenkins that reverse proxy is broken?
What additional configuration should i do to let the jenkins know that is is behind a proxy, and it should take "/url/" (app gateway url) as the host url for the request and response?
Any idea, why the Jenkins is not able to see the file inside its workspace.
In the Jenkins pipeline, I used /code/ to get this value back.
For pull requests in a multi-branch pipeline, if the PR is not a fast forward, the commit is what the merge would produce, resulting in an author of 'Jenkins'.
I am trying to get some of the urls from the jenkins console output.
In your jenkinsfile just put your rtMavenRun inside a configFileProvider  block, and put the same fileId of the jenkins config file you created before .
Jenkins HTTP Request plugin can be used to make HTTP requests.
/pre/  This error occurs when jenkins try to exec the tests, but locally runs everything ok.
/pre/    After connecting to jenkins at /code/ for the first time, I just used initial password and did not configure anything else and logged in as admin.
On Jenkins, which would run the docker containers with the correct mounts for this: when the job states .
The image is a Jenkins  image.
I 'm attempting to automate the process of new Jenkins slaves joining a master, by only performing operations from the new slave.
That way I can include it as part of my automated set up of a new Jenkins slave, and simply POST first before downloading and running the agent.jar.
It keeps returning an error saying the JENKINS CRUMB is invalid.
I am trying to build and archive my ipa from jenkins.It selects the correct code signing identity and distribution profiles but at the end it gives the following error: .
We had another service running on port 50000 (jenkins tunnel), I modify it to an available port and it started to work.
Everything works well until Jenkins instructs Docker to pull an image.
But Jenkins still fails.
I  'm developing an Android app which will send GET Requests to Jenkins, I can use Retrofit 2, I mean that 's no problem about Http Request.
About solution: I must log in firstly on Jenkins.
When running via ssh, everything works fine, but on jenkins do n't.
Am trying to write on a Excel file when Jenkins job is ran.
I am using Build Failure Analyzer Jenkins plugin, I define failure cause for build failure.
Try to use Tests Selector Plugin for Jenkins, but when I try to click Build now i get such a message File doesnt exist OR Jenkins doesnt have permission for this file.
These time stamped folders have artifacts which get deployed by Jenkins.
I cannot seem to find why the weird behavior when tests are running from Jenkins via testcafe docker agent.
Update your jenkins to 2.190.3.
Why is it that Jenkins still displays the tests has having passed (see below screenshot)?
Should n't Jenkins have failed following a non-zero exit of the /code/ command?
Furthermore, when I run the following immediately after I run the above docker-compose command in my command line locally (not in Jenkins) I get an error code of 0, which confirms the problem does not lie with Jenkins but rather with docker-compose not recognising that I 'm exiting /code/ with a non-zero exit code.
No related errors in the jenkins log.
Whereas the tests run successfully locally, inside IntelliJ, they fail on Jenkins (when I push my code in the remote branch, a build is triggered and unit tests run at the end).
Should n't the test fail both locally and in Jenkins ?
This behavior is exclusive to Jenkins, as I have tried running it with wrong credentials directly from terminal on Jenkins hosts and it executes only one time as expected.
I get errors while running WCT in the Jenkins pipeline.
1. script hook: On git server side, create a hook that will check if the last commit changed the Jenkinsfile, if true, send a post to jenkins job configured with 'Trigger build remotely'.
run /code/ from the Jenkins server, I get the following error: /code/   .
Then restart the Jenkins service by right clicking on Jenkins (in the services window), and hit "Restart".
can you access your server, if can, try to change port of the jenkins .
Getting this error message in Jenkins, when trying to run my pipeline.
/pre/  The Jenkins agent node was running /code/ but I upgraded it to /code/ but still no luck.
I am not getting any errors in Jenkins console output .
You are getting the exception not serializable exception because Jenkins will from time to time save the current state on the pipeline to disk making the assumption that every object in env is serializable.
When i deploy war in pcf through jenkins, at the end of the deploy cfpush failed it shows, war not valid, if any one have an idea, please help me .
We have a DWH running on PostgreSQL where we port data from a remote server via Jenkins to load the data.It was working fine for several months and rom yesterday onwards it was getting failed with the below error.
The reverse may also be true: non-updated plugins may break on a newer Jenkins.
Normally, the suite name is built into the tar file of logs, then the tar file is archived to Jenkins, but for some runs, the tar file gets created with one suite name, then the archive step has a different name (I 've seen runs where 2 or 3 of the parallel steps fail with this sort of error, and some where only 1 fails).
The error tells that there is a problem with the working copy Jenkins tries to update via SVNKit.
Note that this problem could be a bug in SVNKit that you use in Jenkins for SVN support.
Your Tomcat server is up and running on port 8082 at the same server where your jenkins server is running (localhost).
Try to disable the windows firewall and any other firewall you may have (or antivirus firewall) and check if it prevents jenkins to connect to Tomcat (again check with telnet command) .
 Go to -> Manage Jenkins -> System Log  .
/pre/  Could I get a visual report like what I see in the Jenkins report?
I googled and found that it might be due to Jenkins is bootstrapping so for that I added following code in the script to wait for the Jenkins to start.
But when we put the tests up on Jenkins, the tests fail.
At some point in the process I have to convert to string and back, and I 've checked that the encoding on my computer and Jenkins is the same.
/pre/  I have tried to update the versions of the libs and enabled/disabled the exclusion parts, but the error still happens on jenkins, while on my local nothing unusual.
I opened services.msc and for Jenkins, could not see any status.
Could you please help how I can access Jenkins without loosing all previous jobs and builds?
Create a service account in GCP with permission to push image and then copy the credential json fie and save it as credentials inside Jenkins; call in the credentials id inside your pipeline like below and it should push images to gcr .
I have my jenkins pipelines working and all in source code management, within my pipelines I have some constants which are variables that do not change/rarely change, so these would rarely change and the pipelines requires these values, 90% of it doesnt change but I have some that does change based on the environment type (production/pre-production/test etc) .
Updated Jenkins to latest version, updated all plugins and now get an String index out of range: -1 error (full log below).
Both are connected to fire via a webhook to smee as our Jenkins server is behind our firewall.
Job #2 is registered to receive PushEvents (as determined by the Jenkins log file) however does n't execute upon receiving this event.
I have a python script to update a Google sheet.The script is working fine when i execute it locally and update the Google sheet as expected, i want to execute it automatically every 3 hours.We are using Jenkins for job scheduling and when i tried to execute it from jenkins it is showing syntax error.
Any idea how can i use Jenkins git plugin to get latest commit without actually checking out files?
I am copying the entire jenkins file if someone is interested.
Failed to connect to repository : Command "git ls-remote -h -- C:\Jenkins\git\simple-java-maven-app HEAD" returned status code 128: stdout: stderr: ssh: Could not resolve hostname c: Name does not resolve fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
/pre/  The /code/ command returns the Jenkins AD user i configured to run the service on the slave  but after that I get an error /code/ .
I tried giving the Jenkins AD service user local admin permission on the Jenkins master and slave servers and also on the file server.
I 'm running a pipeline with a newman command in jenkins, the tests give me OK, but it 's the first time I get that error, in other newman reports it never came out, I do n't understand why this error.
For those getting this error in a Jenkins pipeline, it can be fixed by using an /url/ plugin.
But while building it through Jenkins I am getting build error in the console.
When ever I abort a jenkins job chromedriver.exe does n't stop, it will continue to finish the full selenium script.
How can I overcome this, when I abort jenkins job it should also stop chromedriver.exe which is running in headless mode.
Somewhere I read that it could be resolved by adding java path in /etc/init.d/jenkins but it did not resolve the issue.
Am getting timed out error while doing a post request on Jenkins for deleting job.The job gets deleted but am not getting the response back in my code.
As Jenkins uses a local XML file for configuration and state, you would want to create a /code/ so that your data could be saved across /code/ evictions and /code/ deletions.
If you delete the Jenkins deployment, then later decide to recreate it where you left off, how do you get it to re-mount that exact PersistentVolume on which that specific XML configuration is still stored?
WORKAROUND: This wo n't help you keep using Jenkins, but I had a similar issue with Test Cases running fine when I executed them manually from the command prompt on Windows or running Robot Framework in Eclipse.
When running in Jenkins I got failures and never was able to get an answer from anyone, anywhere.
/pre/  But mount point(/code/) in docker container, is not part of group id 130, so, docker client from jenkins container is unable to resolve below error from jenkins pipeline, which is expected: .
But if you need build parameters then you would have to transform the payload coming from the blob event before calling the Jenkins API.
/pre/  it just does n't work because Jenkins ca n't resolve the /code/ in the parent from the properties .
Given the error message Jenkins gave you about line 22 in your code is about the newer string formatting, just change the line as follows.
I was only able to see the report results when I downloaded the entire zip directory file from the Jenkins artifact page and unzip on my windows workstation.
Now trying the same code With Jenkins with Goals and Option /code/ till /code/ it is done successfully and after that, it shows error .
/pre/  Already configure Nexus Repository Manager Servers in the Jenkins and tested the connection showing /code/.
When i run one of my java classes in the backend I get response from Jenkins as a xml-File, but when I want to trigger the same Method from my servlet I get this error  .
At the moment I am very helpless and I hope that anyone can help, why I can comunicate local with Jenkins, but not through my Aplication Server .
Though, can not run the test from command-line as Jenkins build is marked failed .
I have Jenkins on Windows machine, and I need to run the command on remote nix machine, where I have an ssh access (by username / password).
i also tried writing a windows batch file and running it through jenkins but same this is happening.
I 've an Azure blob storage bucket with some video files.I need to trigger a Jenkins Pipeline whenever a file gets added to the bucket.
When commenting, in the jenkins log, I get 2 lines: .
But client asked me to copy only changed files from next deployment onwards in Jenkins instead of copying complete set of 20+ MB files.
/pre/  How to pass password from Jenkins, tried with RSYNC_PASSWORD and password-file options but not working.
The test runs fine locally, but on our Jenkins, it fails with an "Address already in use" message after the test has run successfully.
/pre/  Again, this runs fine locally, and on Jenkins, the actual test case passes, but then we get the error: .
I 'm getting issue while Jenkins tries to push the artefacts to uDeploy Server.
Jenkins is giving below error The logs confirms that new component version on uDeploy is created.
This confirms that there is no any connection issue b/w Jenkins and uDeploy Server.
I am having a problem getting the Jenkins-build collector working.
/pre/  This fails while building the project in Jenkins with the following error, .
When I disabled the Shallow Clone on Jenkins, it was still missing the past commits, so I had to run some commands on GIT bash inside the repository folder: .
stderr: fatal: cannot exec '/tmp/jenkins-gitclient-ssh8082731096055760363.sh-copy': Permission denied fatal: unable to fork.
Have you tried clearing the workspace, restart Jenkins and try again?
I am checking ant -version in pipeline script, but i am getting build failed in jenkins with following error message "ant' is not recognized as an internal or external command" .
/pre/  The execution works but after it is processed the jenkins job fails: .
   If you delete the Jenkins deployment, then later decide to recreate it   where you left off, how do you get it to re-mount that exact   PersistentVolume on which that specific XML configuration is still   stored?
I need your help in fixing one of the issues where we are trying to build a job using Jenkins &amp; the repository is on SVN and getting the below error.
Is there any way to access Jenkins credential in this file?
The sh scripts in the "argocd" container just hangs for 5 minutes and then Jenkins kills it, the exit message is:  /code/ .
I know this might not be the most informative answer but it should work to run a mvn container as non root specifically to run otj-embedded-pg for integration tests that pass fine locally but fail on a Jenkins server.
And if the time zone setting of your Jenkins server is UTC — that’s pretty commonplace — your string is parsed into /code/ there.
/pre/  This guarantees a consistent result, apparently the same result that you already got on the Jenkins server.
/pre/  If I login to the server manually and run the script it works fine (that is currently how it is used, I want to make a jenkins job that does this, hence why invoking the remote command from the jenkins server).
while executing java codes through Jenkins set up i am facing issue and so my build is failing continuously .
Using python-jenkins/jenkinsapi when i connect with jenkins from inside a docker container, the connection does not close when the script exits.
Jenkins throwing an below error while executing above code.
Some of my Jenkins jobs are failing by following exception - .
But I did not understand the exact causes in case of jenkins failures.
Error from Jenkins .
Hard fact is that "Robot class" will not work with selenium on Jenkins as expected for "file upload".
The concern here is: How can I make it work like an app hosted so that once the deployment completes, the Jenkins/Octopus could call it as a service through the URL (/url/) along with few parameters that the framework used to execute the test case?
Normally, all objects that you create in your pipeline script must be serializable (the reason for this is that Jenkins must be able to serialize the state of the script so that it can be paused and stored on disk).
I 've got Jenkins configured for running about 50 consecutive app builds, but somehow after a build or 7-10 the heap seems to get flooded, occasionally crashing my system.
The Jenkins console output would show me something like: .
As @Dibakar Adtya pointed, the problem is when jenkins executes a pipeline, it 's under the user /code/, whereas I configured /code/ under another user, /code/, and /code/ does n't have access to /code/ 's bin.
I 'm getting the following error when I upload a zip file to Nexus repo through Jenkins: /code/ .
I have copied /code/ file to this location /code/ and restarted the Jenkins.
